Meeting 1: 29 September
Progress: Decision made to create a product around a chosen topic.

Issues Discussed: Weekly planning and project tracking.

Objectives: Finalize the project topic and explore suitable software technologies.



Meeting 2: 6 October
Progress: Comprehensive analysis of the University of Glasgow's support services commenced.
Issues Discussed: Understanding the scope and key features of each service.
Objectives: Design an intuitive chatbot interface for web access.


Meeting 3: 13 October
Progress: Initial design for the chatbot interface developed.
Issues Discussed: Incorporating NLP techniques for accurate user interactions.
Objectives: Develop basic chat functionality and logic processing.


Meeting 4: 20 October
Progress: Basic chat functionality implemented; begun NLP integration.
Issues Discussed: Enhancing chatbot logic for more accurate responses.
Objectives: Create a database for storing support service data.


Meeting 5: 27 October
Progress: Database for support service data initiated; web interface development started.
Issues Discussed: Challenges in database integration and web interface usability.
Objectives: Enhance chatbot's NLP capabilities; refine web interface.


Meeting 6: 3 November
Progress: Further advancements in NLP integration; web interface improvements.
Issues Discussed: Preparing for initial testing of chat functionality.
Objectives: Conduct initial tests; start documentation for future reference.


Meeting 7: 10 November
Progress: Initial testing phase completed; feedback mechanisms integrated.
Issues Discussed: Test results and identified bugs in chat functionality.
Objectives: Refine chatbot logic; improve error handling.


Meeting 8: 17 November
Progress: Implementation of advanced features like API integration commenced.
Issues Discussed: Selecting APIs for up-to-date information provisioning.
Objectives: Enhance multilingual support.


Meeting 9: 24 November
Progress: Development of multilingual support initiated; API integration underway.
Issues Discussed: Challenges in implementing multilingual features and APIs.
Objectives: Finalize API integration; continue refining chatbot functionalities.


Meeting 10: 1 December
Progress: OpenAI API integration completed. 
Issues Discussed: Evaluating user interface and interaction by doing A/B Testing.
Objectives: Starting the dissertation.

Meeting 11: 19 January
Progress: The introduction of the dissertation is underway.
Issues Discussed: General comments on the dissertation, evaluation, and coding journey.
Objectives: Expand database support.  Chroma was used for vectorized databases and local storage for the history of chat.


Meeting 12: 26 January
Progress: Chroma was developed and the chatbot can now work. The design part in the dissertation is underway.
Issues Discussed: Implementing robust multilingual support; and efficient database querying.
Objectives: Enhance error handling; improve web interface usability, Design part to be Done


Meeting 13: 2 February
Progress: Web interface and user documentation enhancements; testing is underway and the design part of the dissertation is nearly Done.
Issues Discussed: Web interface usability;  dissertation questions and overall journey feedback
Objectives: Backend testing, evaluation survey.


Meeting 14: 9 February
Progress:  Survey, Backend testing
Issues Discussed: Integrating additional APIs for comprehensive information services such as Gmail API and OpenAI.
Objectives: Updating Documentation, FAQ.


Meeting 15: 16 February
Progress: Documentation, FAQ Done.
Issues Discussed: Key improvement areas in the UI and the addition of a Support services tab.
Objectives: Implement UI Improvements, Feedback with Gmail API, Finish Testing


Meeting 16: 23 February
Progress: Support Services tab, Feedback Feature done, Testing done, Survey Done, Deployment.
Issues Discussed: Strategies for ongoing refinement of tabs, and overall UI.
Objectives: Complete deployment with the backend server as well.

Meeting 17: 1 March
Progress: Evaluation, Dissertation Design is Done, Implementation started
Issues Discussed: How to approach the evaluation stage. How to refine what I already have, and extra things to provide in submission.
Objectives: Film Video, Film Presentation, Finish Implementation.


Meeting 18: 8 March
Progress: Going through the implementation process, and looking for evaluation strategies. 

Objectives: Finish the Implementation part, Finish the evaluation and conclusion parts.

Meeting 19: 15 March

Progress: Everything is ready except the evaluation, Implementation, and conclusion.
Issues Discussed: How to approach surveying. How to further refine.

Objectives: Finish implementation, Evaluation, and conclusion. 

Meeting 20: 20 March


Progress: Conclusion and Evaluation Done. Full Dissertation Done
Issues Discussed: Refining the dissertation. My supervisor gave me feedback.

Objectives: Presentation, Making sure everything is ready for submission.

