Title: THE DISABILITY SERVICE


Description: The Disability Service provides a dedicated service for
students who have a disability (a chronic medical condition, a physical
or sensory impairment, mental health difficulties, or specific learning
difficulty). Information on arranging support and the types of support
available are outlined on their web pages.

Contact Information: The phone number for the disability service is: +44 (0) 141 330 5497/5121/7237/2260 Email:
disability@glasgow.ac.uk British Sign Language Users Website:
The disability service website: https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/disability/ To register for the
disability service here is the website:
https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/disability/support/
What will happen at the appointment?
The Disability Adviser will discuss with you:

How your disability will affect your ability to study on course,
Support needs for lectures, tutorials, lab work and field trips,
Support for exams,
Using campus facilities such as the Library.
The Disability Adviser will also tell you about the Disabled Students' Allowance (DSA), and if you are eligible for DSA, will explain how you can claim it.
Find out more about the DSA on SAAS website
Who we inform about your disability and support needs
Usually we will inform only your Adviser of Studies and the Disability Co-ordinators in School(s) in which you are studying. However, if you wish we can inform Tutors and Course Co-ordinators as well. You can confirm this during your appointment.
If you require support outwith your academic subjects, e.g. in the Library or your University accommodation, we will also forward the information to these services.

Disability Service Opening Hours
Monday to Friday
0900 - 1700

The location of the disability service:65 Southpark Avenue
Glasgow G12 8LE
You can view the Map: https://www.gla.ac.uk/explore/maps/

Each School has at least one Disability Coordinator to help support
disabled students as well as to promote disability equality within their
School. You can find the list of Disability Co-ordinators here in this
website: https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/disability/staff/coordinators/

Other ways the University can help disabled students:

First is: ACCESS ON CAMPUS

Features such as mobility scooters and parking on campus are for disable people to have easy access on campus.
Mobility scooters are available for loan use on a daily basis around the campus. On request we will deliver the scooter to a location of your choosing.
We will ask you to sign a  Mobility Scooter Contract (doc) https://www.gla.ac.uk/media/Media_78987_smxx.doc for the scooter when you first borrow it.


Parking on campus
The University campus is restricted in its provision for parking for staff and students. All staff and students require parking permits to park on the University campus.
There is a charge for parking permits, however if you are a Blue Disability Badge holder you are exempt from the charge.
When applying for a parking permit, you must provide proof of your 'Blue Badge' status to Campus Security Team located at the Main Gate of the University, on University Avenue.
The permit will allow you to park on University property and to occupy a bay designated for Disabled Users. These bays are located at various buildings around the University. Students should note that it is not possible to book these spaces and they do not always remain free at places and times that they require throughout the day.

Second is: ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGY
WE CAN HELP YOU WITH:
Training in assistive software
Accessing a loan pool of equipment
Accessing software packages (most of these are available on the University network)
Equipment in stock:
We have a small pool of loan laptops, peripherals and recording equipment to students registered with the service. The equipment is available on a first come first served basis and according to need. We also have a portable loop for loan.
Location: Room 529, Level 5 of the University of Glasgow Library
Opening hours: during University Library hours
The Assistive Technology Centre allows enhanced access to the web, email and other networked resources using assistive software, scanners, large monitors, specialist keyboards and other peripherals. This is a student cluster and priority access is given to students registered with the service.
If you require using software only available in the Centre, we will give you card access to the door and logon access to the computers in the room.

Third is Exam arrangements:

Assessment of your needs:
The role of the Disability Service is to decide with you what exam arrangements are required and to notify your department and Registry of your requirements.
All exam support arrangements are subject to appropriate and relevant professional evidence being provided by the student.
Liason with Academic Departments:
We work closely and successfully with Academic Departments and Advisers of Studies to support disabled students.

Each School has a Departmental Contact (DC) responsible for addressing and promoting the needs of disabled students within their department.

What we don't do:

Disability Service is not involved in making the actual arrangements e.g. booking rooms for exams, deciding on start times (for students with extra time), the arranging of invigilators or readers or scribes, or other specific details relating to your exam arrangements. Please contact your academic school if you have any queries about any of this.

Request exam arrangements:

If you require specific exam arrangements make an appointment to see a Disability Adviser providing written medical evidence to support any requests.
Details of your individual examination requirements can be assessed by an Adviser.
What happens next?
The provision will be recorded on your MyCampus Record.
This is forwarded to the Registry so that the Examination Arrangements can be noted.
The necessary arrangements for Degree Examinations will then be put in place by the Examinations Officer.
Your subject area(s) will provide you with notification of your exam provision outlining any particular information relevant to you, including location and times of your exams.

Fourth is Financial Assistance:

Disabled Students’ Allowance (DSA)

What is DSA?:
The Disabled Students’ Allowance (DSA) is an allowance for disabled students to pay for disability related support during the duration of a course.
It pays for a range of support including small and large items of equipment as well as support workers. It does not pay for support and services that universities provide to all students routinely.
Your Disability Adviser will provide you with more detailed information about DSA and advise on the appropriateness of making a claim.

Eligibility for a DSA claim:
You will need to find out from your funding authority if you are eligible to claim DSA. Eligibility depends on various factors, such as the kind of course you are studying at University and whether you have any disability related support requirements.

Find out if you are eligible:

Students from Scotland: Student Awards Agency for Scotland (SAAS) (https://www.saas.gov.uk/guides/disabled-students-allowance)
Students from England Wales or Northern Ireland (https://www.yourdsa.com/application)

If you are studying at postgraduate level (including PhD level) you may still be eligible to claim DSA. The organisation you apply to for DSA will be determined by the organisation which is funding your research e.g. if your research is funded by the ESRC then you will need to approach the ESRC regarding a DSA claim.

Evidence requirements:
You will need to provide robust professional evidence of disability which confirms your condition and how it affects you e.g. a letter from a GP or other medical professional.

For students with dyslexia or other specific learning difficulty we will accept an up-to-date assessment from a Chartered Educational Psychologist or appropriate dyslexia specialist. If you are unsure if your existing evidence is suitable we are happy to advise you. Please contact us

Supporting you with DSA claim
When you register with the Disability Service your Disability Adviser can advise you on your eligibility for DSA. If making a DSA claim is appropriate your Disability Adviser will carry out a "needs assessment" of your disability support needs. Once the needs assessment is complete, they will send your DSA claim to the appropriate funding authority.

Your funding authority will write to you with the result of your claim and provide with information and advice about accessing the recommended support and, where appropriate, ordering equipment or purchasing small items such as computer consumables. This advice may vary from one funding authority to another.

Equipment/software funding:

An evaluation on appropriate equipment and/or software will form part of the ‘needs assessment’. Your Disability Adviser will discuss this with you.
The Disability Service has a preferred supplier who will provide itemised quotes for recommended items of equipment. This could include assistive software and/or ergonomic accessories. You will be asked to check the quote to ensure that you are happy with it.
There are advantages in using the University’s supplier because of the high level of after sales service. The Disability Service will also arrange for you to have training in using the recommended assistive software.

Attending an Access Centre for a DSA needs assessment
Your funding authority will provide you with information and advice on the ordering of your equipment. This may vary from one funding authority to another.

Support for international students` in the disability realm:

If you have a disability, medical condition or specific learning difficulty make an appointment to speak to a Disability Adviser, preferably at the start or your course.

They will discuss your individual requirements to determine what provision you require.

Our Service has an equipment loan bank and some funding which can be used to support disabled students who are not eligible for DSA. Relevant supporting evidence is required.

Fifth is Get Support:

To register with the Disability Service, please log in and complete a Study Support Request. use this link here for this (https://disability.gla.ac.uk/unauth)
As part of completing your Study Support Request (SSR), you will be asked to upload evidence of disability. You can find out more about submitting evidence by checking our guidance on what evidence we can use(https://www.gla.ac.uk/media/Media_1034184_smxx.pdf). If you don't yet have evidence of disability, please complete the SSR anyway. If you have any documents you feel may work as evidence but are not sure, please upload them with your SSR so that we can advise you further. Having your evidence helps us to arrange support for you quickly, but you do not need to have evidence of disablity before we can begin to support and advise you.
If you are going to ask a GP or consultant for evidence, you may find it helpful to use our Disability Evidence Form (https://www.gla.ac.uk/media/Media_1027067_smxx.docx). Please ask the person completing the form to complete sections B-D.

What happens after you complete your Study Support Request?

Once you submit your SSR, a Disability Adviser will review your information and we will email you about next steps. Depending on what you have told us and what documents you could upload, we may begin to put adjustments to your teaching and assessment in place right away. In most cases we will also contact you to invite you to book an appointment with a Disability Adviser. You will be able to choose between online and in-person appointments.

Sixth is Parents:

Parents, guardians and other third parties (for example, teachers, social workers and other professionals working with disabled people) often contact our service, particularly at the admissions stage and during the transition period.

Our service is always happy to provide general information about our service and disability support to third party enquirers.


Enquiries regarding registered students:

Parents and other 3rd parties sometimes make contact with our service to progress matters on behalf of a student who is studying at the University and who is registered with our service.
However, due to the confidential nature of our service and our legal obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)  we are only permitted to communicate directly with the student, unless we have received explicit written consent from the student to communicate with a parent or named carer.
For this reason, we ask you to appreciate that we cannot disclose any information about a student to a third party, including a parent, unless there are genuine Health and Safety concerns for the student.
\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: GOOD CAUSE


Description: Good Cause allows for unforeseen or unavoidable
circumstances which have affected your assessments (i.e., coursework or
exams) to be taken into consideration. Here is the website:
https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/apg/policies/assessment/goodcausefaqs/

The Good Cause FAQ covers what circumstances are usually considered to
be good cause as well as what evidence you should submit. You only have
five working days from the date of the assessment (e.g. exam date or
coursework submission deadline) to initiate your claim on MyCampus.

If your Good Cause claim is accepted in relation to work that you
completed (e.g., an exam that you sat, a piece of coursework that you
submitted) the grade that you achieved will NOT be increased to reflect
the difficulties that you were facing.

Guidance for Students on Reporting Good Cause website:
https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/apg/policies/assessment/codeofassessment/goodcausereportingguidance/
How to submit a good cause claim document:
https://www.gla.ac.uk/media/Media_425478_smxx.pdf

The following FAQs cover a range of questions you may have about how Good Cause works, depending on your situation

What circumstances would be considered Good Cause?
The following examples could be considered Good Cause, but this list is not exhaustive:

Serious or incapacitating injury, illness, or medical condition or emergency operation.
Significant short-term mental ill-health.
A long-term or chronic physical or mental health condition which has recently worsened significantly. If you are affected by a long-term health condition, you can consult the Disability Service as soon as you can so that we can put support and reasonable adjustments in place. You may also speak to your School to explore other options concerning your programme of study (e.g., moving from full-time to part-time study or taking a Fitness to Study Leave of Absence).
A significant family or personal crisis (e.g., bereavement or serious illness affecting someone close to you such as a family member, friend or partner).
Jury Service or Court attendance.
Unforeseen events, such as being a victim of a crime which is likely to have significant emotional impact such as a sexual or other physical assault, being involved in a road traffic accident, an exceptional crisis of employment commitment beyond your control, or being immediately impacted by military conflict or natural disaster.
A financial or housing crisis, e.g., temporary homelessness or the unexpected requirement to move at short notice.
Severe disruption during your online exam, such as prolonged loss of internet connection or a sudden domestic crisis. If you do experience technical difficulties with an online exam you should immediately contact the IT Helpdesk either online or call +44 (0)141 330 4800. If you subsequently need to submit a Good Cause claim for late or non-submission due to technical issues, you should support your claim with reference to the IT Helpdesk Incident Number.
Extreme, unforeseen travel disruption on your way to an on-campus exam. You are expected to take reasonable steps to allow for some cancellations/delays.
If you are unsure whether your circumstances would be considered Good Cause, please contact your School for further advice and support.

What circumstances would not be considered Good Cause?
The following are examples of circumstances which would not normally be considered Good Cause:

A long-term or chronic physical or mental health condition which has not significantly worsened recently. If you are affected by a long-term health condition, you can consult the Disability Service as soon as possible so that we can put support and reasonable adjustments in place. You may also speak to your School to explore other options in relation to your programme of study (e.g., moving from full-time to part-time study or taking a 'Fitness to Study' Leave of Absence).
A minor short-term illness or injury (e.g., a common cold) which would not reasonably have had a significant adverse impact on assessment.
Personal/domestic events that could have been planned for and choices in personal life (e.g., attending weddings or holidays).
General worry about financial difficulties over a period of time. Please note that advice is available on the Cost of Living Support Pages.
Failure or theft of your computer or other equipment being used to produce the work to be assessed, including work not being backed-up. For exams taken on your own device, please see the online exams checklist for advice on steps to take in advance. The IT Helpdesk is available 24 hours a day during exam diets to assist with technical issues.
Poor management of time or misunderstanding of deadlines/dates (including failure of others to submit group assignments).
Regular commitments to paid or voluntary employment.
What is the timeline for Good Cause Claims?
You have five working days[1] from the assessment date to submit your Good Cause claim. If you are prevented from submitting your claim within five days for good reason, you must detail this in your claim. You will receive an acknowledgement on MyCampus when you submit, and your School can provide you with more information about when you should expect a decision. After you have submitted your claim, you have five working days to retract it.

When your Good Cause is updated, you will receive an email to check MyCampus for the result.

What do I need to include in my Good Cause claim?
You will need to tell us about the impact of your circumstances on your ability to complete or perform well in your assessment. You will also need to provide evidence to support your claim.

Your evidence must include your name if applicable, must cover the date(s) of the impacted assessment(s) (e.g., if your essay is due 3 July, the evidence must cover that date), and a translation of the document if it is not in English.

The following are examples of evidence that is normally accepted:

Bereavement. Death certificate, order of service, funeral announcement, or letter from a parent or guardian, etc.
Illnesses. Documentation from hospital, clinic, GP, consultant, counsellor, therapist, or carer. The University does not expect Good Cause claims to be supported by GP letters if you did not require advice and/or treatment. In those cases, the following may be considered:
Letter from a member of University staff such as your tutor or Adviser of Studies.
Letter from a leader/manager or senior colleague of a group or club that you belong to, an organisation where you volunteer, or a place of employment.
Someone who saw you when you were unwell (e.g., personal friends, flatmates or family members). Letters of support from them may be submitted, but these carry less weight. You should explain why this is the best evidence available to you.
Dissability. If you are registered with Disability Services, your disability advisor can provide you with documentation.
Personal Circumstances. The following may be relevant depending on your circumstances.
Letter from a support service (e.g., Citizen’s Advice Bureau or social worker)
Crime report or accident report from the Police
Legal documentation from the Court, Crown Prosecution Service or a solicitor
Documentation from an insurance company
A member of University staff who was alerted to the circumstances at the time
Letter from a leader/manager or senior colleague of a group or club that you belong to, an organisation where you volunteer, or a place of employment.
We understand that obtaining evidence before submission may be difficult. You must initiate your Good Cause claim within five working days[1] of the assessment date even if you do not yet have evidence. Evidence can be provided at a later date.

You must obtain consent to share information or documents relating to third parties (e.g., family members), and by sharing it on MyCampus the University assumes you have received that consent. Photographic evidence is allowable (e.g., pictures of documents), but please avoid sending us graphic or distressing images of illness, injury, or death as they are not appropriate evidence.

We understand that some circumstances are extremely sensitive, such as sexual assault, pregnancy termination, or family crises. In such cases, you do not have to write down the details. You may find it helpful to discuss your situation with a member of staff in the School who will be able to help in handling your claim or advise on other sources of support.

Who will see my Good Cause claim?
We understand that you may share with us some very personal details in support of your Good Cause claim, and Schools have systems in place to hold that information securely and will only use it to consider and respond to your claim.

When your claim is submitted, this will be accessed by those responsible for coordinating the provision of your programme or assessing your progress, or by the staff from your School or Subject area with designated responsibility for considering Good Cause claims.

We understand you may find it difficult or embarrassing to reveal information about your personal or medical circumstances, and, for some students, it may not be usual to disclose the details of some of these kinds of circumstances outside of immediate family. There may also be situations where you may be pressured not to reveal your personal circumstances.

However, it is crucial to provide all the relevant information when making a Good Cause claim, despite the discomfort or pressure you might feel, so that we can fully consider your circumstances. This helps us to understand the situation’s severity and assess the best solution.

Sometimes, if the staff reviewing your claim think that the information you have provided suggests you would benefit from further support, your claim may be referred to a member of staff in your College (e.g. Adviser of Studies, Student Support Officer), who may then contact you to offer support and/or suggest referral to support services provided by the University (such as Counselling & Psychological Services), or other external support agencies that may be able to help you.

What outcomes might come from my Good Cause claim?
What happens if my Good Cause claim is approved? Depending on your programme and circumstances, outcomes could be:

Resit or resubmission as a first attempt at the next available opportunity.
A rearranged deadline for longer than five working days.[1]
The removal of late penalties.
For senior Honours students there may also be scope to remove the affected assessment from your final course or degree calculation.
If your claim is for Affected Performance, your School will judge if your performance has been manifestly prejudiced. If they believe that this is the case and you have underperformed significantly in that assessment (e.g., If you normally get marks of A and B but receive a D for the affected assessment), it is likely that the mark would be discounted, and you would need to take the exam or complete the assessment again at a later date. This later attempt will be treated as your first attempt (unless the discounted attempt was already a second attempt). You will not be able to choose whether to keep your original grade.

What happens if my Good Cause claim is declined?

If your claim is declined, the grade for any assessment you have completed will stand, and any missed assessments will be treated as a non-submission.

We may not approve your claim if:

It was submitted later than five working days after the assessment deadline, and you have not given a good reason for this.
It does not include legitimate circumstances that would count as Good Cause.
You did not sufficiently explain how your circumstances disrupted your assessment(s).
There is insufficient evidence to support your claim.
In the case of a completed assessment, it is judged that your performance has not been significantly impacted.
We may contact you after initial submission of your Good Cause claim to ask for further evidence or information.

I am unwell and have a piece of coursework due to be submitted
If you are affected by illness or other adverse circumstances at the time when you should be completing coursework you may wish to apply for an extension of the submission deadline. (See 'I am unwell. Can I request an extension of my coursework submission deadline?')

However, if the circumstances have been so severe that you feel unable to complete the work at this time then you may apply for Good Cause.

If you have submitted the coursework but feel that your performance was affected by the adverse circumstances you may apply for Good Cause. Bear in mind that it might be better to apply for an extension than to submit an incomplete or poor piece of work on time.

If you do not submit the coursework:

Seek evidence to support your Good Cause claim. (See 'What is appropriate supporting evidence for a Cause Cause claim?')
Submit your Good Cause claim on MyCampus within five working days of the submission deadline. If your evidence arrives later you can add this to the claim, but the claim MUST be started within the five working day period. Please see MyCampus Good Cause Guide.
In your claim, you must explain how events have impacted on you and your preparation for the assessment.
If you submitted the coursework, but feel that your illness caused you to underperform:

Seek evidence to support your claim. (See 'What is appropriate supporting evidence for a Cause Cause claim?')
Submit your Good Cause claim on MyCampus within five working days[1] of the submission deadline (if your evidence arrives later you can add this to the claim, but the claim MUST be started within the five working day period). Please see MyCampus Good Cause Guide.
In your claim, you must explainn how events have impacted on you and your preparation for the assessment.
Before you submit a claim, make sure you understand the possible outcomes from such a claim. Note: grades are NEVER increased through a Good Cause claim. (See ‘What happens if my Good Cause claim is accepted?’)

I am unwell. Can I request an extension of my coursework submission deadline?
You should always plan your various assessments carefully, taking particular note of where a number of deadlines fall around the same time. Try to complete assessment in good time so that you will still be able to submit by the deadline in the event of an unexpected disruption to your ability to study. Before submitting a request for extra time, consider carefully whether this would really be in your best interests. By submitting on time your marked work will be returned to you promptly and you will avoid creating a later bottleneck of deadlines.

If illness or other adverse circumstances mean that you will be unable to submit your work on time, you may request an extension.

Extensions of up to five working days:[1] If you think that you need an extension of up to five working days, you should contact the course convener and explain the situation. (Your course documentation will provide the relevant contact details.) There is no requirement to provide supporting evidence for an extension request of up to five working days. If the course convener accepts that you will be prevented by circumstances beyond your control from submitting the work on time then they will grant whatever extension they believe is appropriate, up to a maximum of five working days. You should request an extension as soon as you become aware that it may be necessary. If you submit the request after the submission deadline, and there is no good reason for not having requested the extension earlier, then late submission penalties may be applied.

Extensions of more than five working days: If you think you need an extension of more than five working days, you must submit a Good Cause claim:

Seek evidence to support your Good Cause claim. (See 'What is appropriate supporting evidence for a Good Cause claim?')
Submit your Good Cause claim on MyCampus as soon as you become aware that you may need an extension. If your evidence arrives later you should add this to the claim as soon as possible. Please see MyCampus Good Cause Guide.
In your claim, you must explain how events have impacted on you and your preparation for the assessment and say how much extra time you think you need.
You are advised to bring the claim to the attention of a member of staff such as your Adviser of Studies or Honours Convener to ensure that it is responded to promptly. As soon as your claim has been considered you will be told whether an extension has been approved and, if so, what your new submission deadline is.

I’ve been dealing with difficulties and my dissertation/project has suffered. Can I claim good cause?
Good Cause applies to health issues or other adverse circumstances that are acute. Given that the work on your dissertation or project takes place over a long period, it’s unlikely that an acute set of circumstances will have a significant impact on that work.

As soon as you experience difficulties that may affect your dissertation/project you must alert your supervisor or other relevant member of staff e.g. Honours convener or PGT Programme Lead. They will be able to advise you about how best to manage the circumstances so that you will still be able to complete the work. If appropriate, they will be able to refer you to other sources of support.

If illness or other difficulties suddenly arise or become more serious very close to the submission date for the work, you may request an extension of up to five working days[1] in the normal way (by approaching your course convener or using the local process, as described in your course documentation). If you think you will need more than five working days, you can request a longer extension by submitting a Good Cause claim and explaining the circumstances.

Where you are facing very challenging circumstances, you should discuss your circumstances with staff. The length of extension that can be granted to a Senior Honours student is limited by the tight turnaround time for marking before graduation. In some cases, there may be an option to complete the dissertation/project over the summer but that would result in your graduation being delayed until the winter. You should therefore be sure to discuss your situation with a member of staff as soon as you become aware that there is a difficulty, to ensure that you understand your options and their consequences. If you submit a Good Cause claim for an extension, a decision will be made on the claim and this won’t necessarily involve any further discussion with you about the consequences so it is much better to discuss these fully before submitting any claim.

I’ll be submitting my dissertation/project but difficult circumstances mean that I expect it’s going to get a poor grade. What can I do?
For both an Honours degree and a PGT masters degree you must achieve a grade of at least D3 in the substantial piece of independent work, that is in your dissertation or project. This requirement cannot be set aside through Good Cause and a claim for affected performance would never result in a grade being increased. It is not appropriate for examiners to speculate on what level of performance you may have achieved in better circumstances.

If the difficulties arise close to the submission date, meaning that you will not be able to complete the last stages of the work, you should apply for an extension rather than submitting an incomplete piece of work on time. You may request an extension of up to five working days[1] in the normal way (by approaching your course convener or using the local process, as described in your course documentation). If you think you will need more than five working days, you can request a longer extension by submitting a Good Cause claim and explaining the circumstances.

Good Cause applies to health issues or other adverse circumstances that are acute. Given that the work on your dissertation or project takes place over a long period, it’s unlikely that an acute set of circumstances occurring sometime before the submission deadline will have a significant impact on that work. If a short illness or other short-term difficult circumstances have interrupted your work on the dissertation/project at any earlier stage, you should discuss with staff whether you might need some additional time at the end in order to manage all your other submission deadlines and make up for lost time.

I am unwell for my exam
You need to decide whether you feel well enough to sit the exam.

Many exams in 2022-23 will be online, but for on campus exams please do not attend if you are in the infectious stage of an illness, e.g. chickenpox or needing to self-isolate due to Covid-19.
If you are unsure, you are advised to seriously consider taking the exam as you may still submit a Good Cause claim afterwards if you believe that you underperformed due to the illness.

If you miss your exam:

Seek evidence to support your Good Cause claim. (See 'What is appropriate supporting evidence for a Good Cause claim?')
Submit your Good Cause claim on MyCampus within five working days[1] of the exam (if your evidence arrives later you can add this to the claim, but the claim MUST be started within the five working day period). Please see MyCampus Good Cause Guide.
In your claim, you must explain how events have impacted on you and your preparation for the exam.
If you take your exam, but feel that your illness caused you to underperform:

Seek evidence to support your claim. (See 'What is appropriate supporting evidence for a Good Cause claim?')
Submit your Good Cause claim on MyCampus within five working days of the exam (if your evidence arrives later you can add this to the claim, but the claim MUST be started within the five working day period). Please see MyCampus Good Cause Guide.
In your claim, you must explain how events have impacted on you and your preparation for the exam.
Before you submit a claim, make sure you understand the possible outcomes from such a claim. Note: grades are NEVER increased through a Good Cause claim. (See ‘What happens if my Good Cause claim is accepted?’)

I have been unwell during revision time
If you feel that being unwell during revision time has caused you to underperform in an exam, you may submit a Good Cause claim.

You should take your exams if you feel well enough on the day. If you are too unwell to take your exam, see 'I am unwell for my exam'.

If you take your exam, but feel that having been unwell during the revision time caused you to underperform:

Seek evidence to support your Good Cause claim. (See 'What is appropriate supporting evidence for a Good Cause claim?')
Submit your Good Cause claim on MyCampus within five working days[1] of the exam (if your evidence arrives later you can add this to the claim, but the claim MUST be started within the five working day period). Please see MyCampus Good Cause Guide.
In your claim, you must explain how events have impacted on you and your preparation for the exam.
Before you submit a claim, make sure you understand the possible outcomes from such a claim. Note: grades are NEVER increased through a Good Cause claim. (See ‘What happens if my Good Cause claim is accepted?’)

I have suffered a bereavement
If someone close to you has sadly passed away we understand that this could disrupt your exam revision.

In most cases we would advise you to try to take your exams, although only you can decide whether you feel able to, and if there is a funeral at the time of your exams, we understand that you will want to be there.

If you miss your exam:

Seek evidence to support your Good Cause claim. (See 'What is appropriate supporting evidence for a Good Cause claim?')
Submit your Good Cause claim on MyCampus within five working days[1] of the exam (if your evidence arrives later you can add this to the claim, but the claim MUST be started within the five working day period). Please see MyCampus Good Cause Guide.
In your claim, you must explain how events have impacted on you and your preparation for the exam.
If you take your exam, but feel that your bereavement caused you to underperform:

Seek evidence to support your claim. (See 'What is appropriate supporting evidence for a Good Cause claim?')
Submit your Good Cause claim on MyCampus within five working days of the exam (if your evidence arrives later you can add this to the claim, but the claim MUST be started within the five working day period). Please see MyCampus Good Cause Guide.
In your claim, you must explain how events have impacted on you and your preparation for the exam.
Before you submit a claim, make sure you understand the possible outcomes from such a claim. Note: grades are NEVER increased through a Good Cause claim. (See ‘What happens if my Good Cause claim is accepted?’)

A close relative/friend has been seriously ill and it has affected my exam preparation – what should I do?
If you feel your exam preparation has been compromised by these difficulties (perhaps you have been needed to care for that person or take over caring responsibilities for others), you may wish to submit a Good Cause claim.

If you are able to, you should take your exam.

If you miss your exam:

Seek evidence to support your claim. This could include medical evidence relating to your relative/friend. (See 'What is appropriate supporting evidence for a Good Cause claim?')
Submit your Good Cause claim on MyCampus within five working days[1] of the exam (if your evidence arrives later you can add this to the claim, but the claim MUST be started within the five working day period). Please see MyCampus Good Cause Guide.
In your claim, you must explain how events have prevented you from taking your exam.
If you take your exam, but feel that your circumstances caused you to underperform:

Seek evidence to support your claim. This could include medical evidence relating to your relative/friend. (See 'What is appropriate supporting evidence for a Good Cause claim?')
Submit your Good Cause claim on MyCampus within five working days of the exam (if your evidence arrives later you can add this to the claim, but the claim MUST be started within the five working day period). Please see MyCampus Good Cause Guide.
In your claim, you must explain how events have impacted on you and your preparation for the exam.
Before you submit a claim, make sure you understand the possible outcomes from such a claim. (See ‘What happens if my Good Cause claim is accepted?’)

I had to attend a family crisis at the time of my exam – what should I do?
If you have missed an exam due to a significant family crisis, you should submit a Good Cause claim.

Seek evidence to support your claim. (See 'What is appropriate supporting evidence for a Good Cause claim?')
You must submit your Good Cause claim on MyCampus within five working days[1] of the exam (if your evidence arrives later you can add this to the claim, but the claim MUST be started within the five working day period). Please see MyCampus Good Cause Guide.
In your claim, you must explain how events have impacted on you and your preparation for the exam.
Before you submit a claim, make sure you understand the possible outcomes from such a claim. (See ‘What happens if my Good Cause claim is accepted?’)

What circumstances would be considered as Good Cause?
We want to know about serious issues that you believe have prevented you from taking an assessment or significantly impaired your performance in an assessment. We mean circumstances that are beyond your control such as:

Serious or incapacitating injury, illness or medical condition or emergency operation.
Significant short-term mental ill-health.
A long-term or chronic physical health condition, which has recently worsened significantly.
A long-term or chronic mental health condition, which has recently worsened significantly.
A significant family or personal crisis (e.g. bereavement or serious illness affecting someone close to you such as a family member, friend or partner).
Jury Service or Court attendance.
Unforeseen, unpreventable events, being a victim of a crime which is likely to have significant emotional impact such as a sexual or other physical assault, being involved in a road traffic accident or an exceptional crisis of employment commitment beyond your control, being immediately impacted by military conflict, or natural disaster.
A financial or housing crisis, e.g. temporary homelessness, the unexpected requirement to move at short notice.
Severe disruption during your online exam, such as prolonged loss of internet connection, or a sudden domestic crisis.
Extreme travel disruption on your way to an on-campus exam, which could not have been foreseen. (You are expected to take reasonable steps to allow for some cancellation/delays.)
We understand that some adverse circumstances may be extremely sensitive, such as sexual assault, pregnancy termination, family crisis. In such cases, you do not have to write down the details. You may find it helpful to discuss your situation with a member of staff in the School who will be able to help in handling your claim or advise on other sources of support.

What circumstances would NOT be considered?
Students are expected to cope with difficulties, problems and minor illnesses that occur in normal life in the same way as everyone does at work or at home, and to manage competing demands on their time. Around exam time a certain amount of stress is natural. The following are examples of circumstances which would not normally be considered as Good Cause:

A long-term or chronic health condition (including mental ill-health) which has not significantly worsened recently. If you are affected by a long-term health condition you should consult the Disability Service at an early stage so that support and reasonable adjustments can be put in place, as appropriate. You may also speak to your Advisor of Studies to explore other possible options in relation to your programme of study (e.g. moving from full-time to part-time study or taking a 'Fitness to Study' Leave of Absence).
A minor short-term illness or injury (e.g. a common cold), which would not reasonably have had a significant adverse impact on assessment.
Personal/domestic events that could have been planned for.
Choices in personal life (e.g. attending weddings, holidays).
General worry about financial difficulties over a period of time. Please note that advice is available on the Cost of Living Support Pages.
Failure or theft of your computer or other equipment being used to produce the work to be assessed, including work not being backed-up. For exams being taken on your own device, please see the online exams checklist for advice on steps to take in advance. Note also that the IT Helpdesk is available 24 hours a day during exam diets to assist with technical issues. Keep the web address and telephone number to hand throughout the exam diet.
Poor management of time or misunderstanding of deadlines/dates (including failure of others to submit group assignments).
Regular commitments to paid or voluntary employment.
You should therefore take appropriate steps to minimise the impact of such events as these are unlikely to be accepted as valid claims under Good Cause.

We understand that exams are often associated with a degree of stress and anxiety, and would encourage all students to refer to the self-help resources:

#LookAfterYourself with the Exam De-Stress Events, brought to you by the SRC, GUSA, QMU & GUU.

Counselling & Psychological Services self help.

Are long-term or chronic circumstances accepted as Good Cause?
No, unless you have a temporary serious flare-up of a chronic condition at the time of your assessments.

Good Cause regulations relate only to short-term issues that may have affected the taking of exams, submission of other assessments, or your performance in assessments. In other words, issues that have prevented you from demonstrating in your assessments what you have learned through your studies.

If you have on-going difficulties which are impacting on your ability to fully engage in your studies and assessments, you should seek support through the Disability Service so that support and reasonable adjustments can be put in place, as appropriate. You may also speak to your Advisor of Studies to explore other possible options in relation to your programme of study (e.g. moving from full-time to part-time study or taking a 'Fitness to Study' Leave of Absence).

I missed a lot of classes due to ill health but feel better now and sat the exam. Can I make a Good Cause claim so that this can be taken into account?
No. Good Cause regulations relate only to short-term issues that have affected the taking of exams, submission of other assessments, or your performance in assessments. In other words, issues that have prevented you from demonstrating in your assessments what you have learned through your studies.

If you have been unable to fully engage in your studies during the semester, you should speak to your Adviser of Studies about the best course of action.

How long do I have to make a claim?
You only have five working days[1] from the date of the assessment (e.g. exam date or coursework submission deadline) to initiate your claim on MyCampus, otherwise it is deemed to be late and will not be accepted without good reason for not submitting on time.

Evidence to support your claim can be uploaded later, but the claim MUST be STARTED on MyCampus within five working days. This applies both to assessments that you have missed, and to exams that you attended or coursework that you submitted but where you believe your performance was significantly affected. Please see MyCampus Good Cause Guide.

If you are unable to make a claim on MyCampus by the deadline:

You should make every effort to submit a claim on time, however we recognise that occasionally this may not be possible (e.g. if you are in hospital and unable to access the system). In such cases you should still try to make contact with your School or Adviser to let them know that you have missed the deadline but intend to make a claim as soon as you can.

You can, in extreme circumstances, ask a friend or family member to pass a message on if you are unable to make direct contact. This will also help us to understand your current difficulties and advise you of any support that may be available.

I'm embarrassed to tell anyone about my personal or medical circumstances
We understand that it may be difficult or embarrassing to reveal information about your personal or medical circumstances and for some students, it may not be usual to disclose the details of some of these kinds of circumstances outside of immediate family. There may also be situations where you may be put under pressure not to reveal your personal circumstances.

However, it is really important to provide all the relevant information when making a Good Cause claim, despite the discomfort or pressure you might feel, so that we can fully consider your circumstances. This helps us to understand the severity of the situation and assess the best solution.

In rare cases, there may be highly sensitive personal information which you might, for good reason, be reluctant to disclose in a claim. In this case, you should contact your Head of School who will assign a member of staff (such as your Advisor of Studies) responsibility for ensuring that relevant information is passed to appropriate colleagues so that your circumstances can be considered. In such cases you must still submit a claim in MyCampus, indicating who you have contacted with the details.

If you don’t disclose your full circumstances in a Good Cause claim at the correct time, it’s very unlikely that we will be able to take them into account later.

What is appropriate supporting evidence for a Good Cause claim?
For any type of evidence, the relevant dates must be included to show how the circumstances impacted on your assessment.

For medical matters evidence could be documentation from a:

GP
Consultant
Hospital
Clinic
Counsellor
Therapist
Carer
This could include: a hospital report; a doctor or other medical professional’s report; a doctor’s “Fit Note”; a formal notification of a hospital or clinic appointment, or hospital discharge letter.

Note: As soon as you become a student at the University you should register with a local doctor (within the postcode area of your term-time home) who will be responsible for your medical care whilst at the University. This does not mean the relationship with your home doctor is broken. You may still consult them when on vacation. Information on registering with a doctor can be found here: https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/students/safetyhealth/healthservices/#registerwithadoctor.

Please note that you should only make an appointment with a GP if you require advice and/or treatment in relation to a medical matter. The University does not expect good cause claims to be supported by GP letters in relation to minor matters that did not require advice and/or treatment. It is therefore not appropriate to make an appointment with the purpose of obtaining a doctor's letter in such circumstances. For supporting a good cause claim, there is little value in a letter from a GP saying that you told them that you recently had an illness such as a stomach upset or flu. It is also not a good use of a busy GP surgery's time to be asked for such letters.

If you are consulting a GP for advice and/or treatment in relation to a medical issue that has impacted an assessment, they may be willing to provide a letter to confirm their own assessment of your medical condition. However, they are under no obligation to do so. (Please see 'What if I am unwell but do not have a doctor's letter?')

Remember that a request for an extension of up to five working days[1] does not need a good cause claim. Such requests should be sent direct to your course coordinator, with an explanation of why you need extra time, but you do not need supporting evidence.

The above information about evidence would also apply if the health circumstances you are reporting relate to a close relative or friend. In such cases you would need to explain in your claim why you were affected and, in the case of a hospital appointment, why it was essential that you accompanied that person. Before submitting any evidence in relation to a third party you must have their consent.

For cases where there has been a short-term worsening of a long-term (chronic) condition you can seek a supporting letter from any relevant service you have already been registered with for support for the long-term condition such as your:

Disability Advisor.
Counsellor (e.g. from Counselling & Psychological Services (CAPS)).
GP, mentor or other support worker.
For personal circumstances which are not health related, you should provide a letter or document from an independent responsible person (or organisation), with their contact details provided, who can vouch for the circumstances you are reporting, such as:

A support service which has been assisting you with the issue (e.g. a social worker, Citizen’s Advice Bureau or other support organisation).
The Police (e.g. crime report or accident report with reference numbers).
The Court, Crown Prosecution Service or a solicitor.
An insurance company (e.g. in relation to road traffic incident).
A member of staff who was alerted to the circumstances at the time.
The leader/manager of a group or club that you belong to, or of an organisation where you volunteer, or a senior colleague in your place of paid work.
In the case of a bereavement, you could provide a letter from an independent person (usually not a family member) giving a view on the closeness of the relationship to you. A death certificate, funeral notice, or order of service are other forms of acceptable evidence, depending on what is available to you.

Letters of support from personal friends or family members may be submitted in relation to any circumstances, but these carry less weight in supporting a Good Cause claim. In your claim you should explain why this is the best evidence available to you.

If you experienced technical difficulties with accessing, completing, checking or submitting an online exam you should support your Good Cause claim with reference to an IT Helpdesk Number.

What happens to my claim and who will see it?
We understand that you may share with us some very personal details in support of your Good Cause claim, and Schools have systems in place to hold that information securely and will only use it to consider and respond to your claim.

When your claim is submitted, this will be accessed by those responsible for coordinating the provision of your programme or assessing your progress, or by the staff from your School or Subject area with designated responsibility for considering Good Cause claims.

Sometimes, if the staff reviewing your claim think that the information you have provided suggests you would benefit from further support, your claim may be referred to a member of staff in your College (e.g. Advisor of Studies, Student Support Officer), who may then contact you to offer support and/or suggest referral to support services provided by the University (such as Counselling & Psychological Services), or other external support agencies that may be able to help you.

In rare cases, there may be highly sensitive personal information which you might, for good reason, be reluctant to disclose in a claim. In this case, you should contact your Head of School who will assign a member of staff (such as your Advisor of Studies) responsibility for ensuring that relevant information is passed to appropriate colleagues so that your circumstances can be considered. In such cases you must still submit a claim in MyCampus, indicating who you have contacted with the details, but you would not need to submit the evidence, on the basis that you have already shared this with the staff member supporting your claim.

What if I am unwell but do not have a doctor's letter?
Please note that you should only make an appointment with a GP if you require advice and/or treatment in relation to a medical matter. The University does not expect good cause claims to be supported by GP letters in relation to minor matters that did not require advice and/or treatment.

If you don't have any documentation from your GP, there may be another independent person who can provide a letter of support - either from having seen you or from having spoken to you at the relevant time. While they will not be able to provide a professional opinion or diagnosis, they can advise us of any observations they had regarding your physical and/or mental wellbeing at the relevant time. Again, the letter must provide clear information relating to the date or dates relevant to the circumstances being reported. People who can provide such information could be:

Someone you know in the University such as your tutor or Adviser of Studies.
The leader/manager of a group or club that you belong to, or of an organisation where you volunteer, or a senior colleague in your place of paid work.
Sometimes the only people who will have seen you at the time when you were unwell will be personal friends, flatmates or family members. Letters of support from them may be submitted, but these carry less weight in supporting a Good Cause claim. In your claim you should explain why this is the best evidence available to you.

What happens if my Good Cause claim is accepted?
There are two stages in considering a Good Cause claim:

a)  A judgement on whether the circumstances themselves should count as good cause.

And, in cases where you have submitted a claim for underperformance in an assessment:

b)  A judgement on whether the grade you achieved in your exam or coursework has been “manifestly prejudiced” i.e. significantly affected by the circumstances.

Step b) will only happen if Good Cause is accepted at Step a).

If your Good Cause claim is accepted in relation to work that you completed (e.g. an exam that you sat, a piece of coursework that you submitted) the grade that you achieved will NOT be increased to reflect the difficulties that you were facing.

The most common outcome for an accepted claim (whether for completed assessment or missed assessment) is that you will need to complete the assessment at a later date. This later opportunity will be treated as your first attempt (unless the discounted attempt was already a second attempt). This will usually be at the resit diet, which takes place during the summer vacation. PLEASE NOTE: that if it is judged that you have significantly underperformed, the assessment(s) will not be counted even if your performance was good enough to allow you to progress or achieve a grade you find acceptable.

I am a Senior Honours/integrated masters Student – What happens if my Good Cause claim is accepted?
There are two stages in considering a Good Cause claim:

a)  A judgement on whether the circumstances themselves should count as good cause.

And, in cases where you have submitted a claim for underperformance after attending an exam, or submitting a piece of coursework:

b)  A judgement on whether the grade you achieved in your exam or coursework has been “manifestly prejudiced” i.e. significantly affected by the circumstances.

Step b) will only happen if Good Cause is accepted at Step a).

If your Good Cause claim is accepted in relation to work that you completed (e.g. an exam that you sat) the grade that you achieved will NOT be increased to reflect the difficulties that you were facing.

Depending on the stage you are at in the Honours programme and on how much assessment you have missed, you may be required to complete the missing assessment at a later date.

At the end of Senior Honours or the final year of an integrated masters programme, where Good Cause is accepted, a limited amount of assessment could be set aside (i.e. the grade not counted and the assessment not required to be completed at a later date).

Could my marks be improved to take into account my circumstances?
No.

Marks cannot be awarded on the basis of undemonstrated performance as it is not appropriate for examiners to speculate on what level of performance you may have achieved in better circumstances.

Where illness or other good cause has impaired your performance in an exam or coursework, you will usually be given another opportunity to take the examination or assessment at a later date (e.g. at the resit diet which takes place during the summer vacation). This later opportunity will be treated as your first attempt (unless the discounted attempt was already a second attempt). In limited circumstances some work may be “set aside” and you will not be required to complete it.

If my circumstances are accepted as Good Cause, will I have to re-take the exam or submit new coursework even if I managed to pass the course?
In some circumstances, Yes:

There are two stages in considering a Good Cause claim:

a)  A judgement on whether the circumstances themselves should count as good cause.

And, in cases where you have submitted a claim for underperformance in an assessment:

b)  A judgement on whether the grade you achieved in your exam or coursework has been “manifestly prejudiced” i.e. significantly affected by the circumstances.

Step b) will only happen if Good Cause is accepted at Step a).

You will not be able to keep the grade achieved at the time of the adverse circumstances if the examiners judge that your performance has been manifestly prejudiced - i.e. if they believe that you have underperformed significantly in that assessment. While this is more likely to happen if you achieve a poor grade, it could still happen if you pass the exam, or course overall; for instance, if you normally get marks of A and B but receive a D for the affected assessment, it is likely that the mark would be discounted and you would need to take the exam or complete the coursework again at a later date. This later attempt will be treated as your first attempt (unless the discounted attempt was already a second attempt).

What would prevent my Good Cause claim from being approved?
We may not approve your claim if:

It is late and you have not given a good reason for this.
It does not include legitimate circumstances that would count as Good Cause.
You did not provide a sufficient explanation of how your circumstances disrupted your assessment(s).
There is insufficient evidence to support your claim.
In the case of completed assessment, it is judged that your performance has not been significantly impacted.
What happens if my Good Cause claim is declined?
If your claim is not accepted the grade for any assessment you have completed will stand, and any missed assessments will be treated as a non-submission.

Can I cancel my Good Cause claim?
Good Cause claims can only be cancelled up to five working days[1] after the assessment date (e.g. exam date, coursework submission deadline).

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS


Description: The international student website is this:
https://www.gla.ac.uk/international/support/

Email to contact International student support: internationalstudentsupport@glasgow.ac.uk
Instagram page for International support: https://www.instagram.com/uofginternational/
Facebook page for international support: https://www.facebook.com/ISSUofG
The International Student Support (ISS) web pages provide a wide range
of information on the support available for international students. The
ISS team offer specialized advice and information for international
students and their dependants. The Advisers can also refer you on to
other University Services for specific types of assistance.

They offer advice on issues including: - Welfare and personal issues -
Immigration and visa advice - Financial issues - Information on UK and
Scottish culture - Consumer rights issues - Support for dependants
accompanying you during your studies

First Visa and Immigration advice:

YOUR CAS
This section offers some general information about your CAS that will be issued to you by Admissions at UoG.  You will use the CAS to apply for a Student Visa.

Please note: International Student Support cannot offer assistance with CAS requests. Please see the following sections for who to contact about a CAS request.

What is a CAS?
What is a CAS?
The Confirmation of Acceptance of Studies (CAS) is an online document which is issued by the University via the UKVI.  It contains some of your personal details as well as details of the course you are applying for the Student Visa to cover.

You need a valid CAS to apply for a Student visa. A CAS is only valid for use before the expiry date stated on it - make sure your CAS does not expire before the date you will submit the Student Visa application form.

Check the details on your CAS when you receive this from Admissions - ensure your CAS details are correct before you submit the Student Visa application form.  If any details need to be amended you need to contact Admissions directly to request this.

You will need to copy some of the information stated on your CAS to your Student Visa application form.

Please note: If you have paid tuition fees or accommodation fees to UoG after the CAS was issued, and your CAS does not show the correct amount paid as a result, see the information here.

CAS for a new course at UoG
If you have any CAS related queries or requests for updates please contact Admissions.  We understand Admissions will issue the CAS to you via e-mail after you have accepted your unconditional offer and completed any required actions on Applicant Self Service.

CAS to continue same course at UoG after a change to your studies
See the ISS Changes to Your Studies webpages. Contact the College you study under to request a CAS - contact details are in the next section.

Getting a CAS
You are starting a new course at University of Glasgow:
You should expect to receive your CAS from Admissions by e-mail, once you have accepted your unconditional offer and uploaded all documents relating to meeting the entry requirements for your course.

The CAS will usually be issued by Admissions via e-mail within the 3 months before your visa expiry date if you are applying for a Student visa in the UK, or within the 6 months before your course start date where you will be applying for a Student visa outside the UK.

You are requesting a CAS to continue / resume your current or main course at UoG:
Ask for a "CAS Request Form" and submit this via the contact relevant to your studies shown below, depending on the College for your course at UoG.  You should request a CAS around 3 months before your visa expires - this allows time for the College to liaise with Admissions about your CAS request. The CAS will be issued by Admissions via e-mail up to a maximum of 3 months before your visa expiry date where you will be applying for your Student Visa in the UK.

Please note: If you are eligible to apply for your Student Visa in the UK make sure you state this and your visa expiry date when e-mailing to request a CAS.  You must submit a Student Visa application on or before your current visa expires when applying in the UK, so you need to make sure you request the CAS and receive this in time to do so.  Contact your College (as below) and Admissions directly with any queries about your CAS request:

College of Arts & Humanities
UG - arts-advising@glasgow.ac.uk

PGT - arts-pgt-advising@glasgow.ac.uk

PGR - Gradschool.arts@glasgow.ac.uk

College of MVLS
UG School of Medicine & Nursing:

med-sch-admissions@glasgow.ac.uk

UG Dentistry:

med-sch-dental-ug@glasgow.ac.uk


UG Life Sciences:

lifesci-enquiries@glasgow.ac.uk


UG School of Veterinary Medicine:

admissions@vet.gla.ac.uk

All MVLS PGT & PGR students:
mvls-gradschool@glasgow.ac.uk

College of Science & Engineering
UG and PGT: scieng-college-ugpgoffice@glasgow.ac.uk

PGR: scieng-gradschool@glasgow.ac.uk

College of Social Sciences
gradschool.socsci@glasgow.ac.uk

UG Business School: ugadmissions@glasgow.ac.uk

PGT Business School: socsci-ma@glasgow.ac.uk

PGR Business School: business-pgr@glasgow.ac.uk

Tuition and UoG Accommodation fee payments
Fee payments stated on your CAS:
When you pay tuition fees or accommodation fees to the university, the amount of these fees that you have paid will be stated on your CAS.

UKVI say you must provide evidence of the amount of tuition fees you have paid to University of Glasgow at the time you apply for the Student Visa as part of demonstrating that you meet the maintenance requirements.

The UKVI caseworker will check your CAS and the other financial documents you have submitted for your visa application to check you have the money needed to meet the maintenance requirements.

See the ISS webpages about applying for a Student Visa where we discuss the maintenance requirement for a Student Visa and preparing financial documents for the visa application.

Tuition fee payments made after the CAS has been issued:
Tuition fees paid after the CAS has been issued will not be shown on, or added to, your CAS. You will need to prepare tuition fees receipts from University of Glasgow as evidence of any amount of tuition fees you have paid not shown on your CAS.

Accommodation fee payments made after the CAS has been issued:
We understand it is not possible to get receipts or evidence of accommodation fees paid to University of Glasgow after the date the CAS has been issued.


APPLYING FOR A STUDENT VISA OUTSIDE THE UK
Please read the information below about how and when to apply for your Student Visa.  You will need a valid UoG CAS for your forthcoming studies to use with the Student Visa application (issued within the 6 months before the date you make the Student Visa application).

We have offered an overview of the visa application process when applying for a Student Visa outside the UK on these webpages.  However the visa application centre you will apply through will offer detailed (and often step-by-step) information and guidance about the visa application process for the country / region you are applying from.

Please note:

You must demonstrate you have the money required to meet the maintenance requirement when applying for a Student Visa (as discussed in our FAQs Guide, the "Documents and CAS" and "Application process" sections). In addition to making sure you have the money required for your visa application, it is also important to ensure you have enough money to cover your tuition fees and living costs for the duration of your studies in order to be able to continue with and complete your course as planned.
Where your offer of study confirms an ATAS certificate is required for your course, you need to apply for and receive this in time to upload with your Student Visa application documents (see the "Documents and CAS" section).
You must receive your Student Visa, travel to the UK on this and complete Visa Registration before the latest arrival date stated on your CAS to start (or resume) your studies at UoG - see the information in the "When to apply" section.
When to apply
"Date of application" and visa processing times
The "date of application" refers to the date you applied for the Student Visa.  This is the date you submit the online Student Visa application form (after paying the IHS and visa processing fees).

The estimated visa processing time will start after you have submitted any required visa application documents and when you have given your Biometric details.

You can see how long the estimated visa processing times usually are below (you can also see this information on the UKVI "Student Visa" and "get a faster decision" webpages):

Standard application service: 3 weeks
Priority application service: 5 working days
Super priority application service: end of next working day


Visa processing delays: Sometimes, especially during busy times of year (e.g. August - October), UKVI may not be able to process your visa application within their estimated visa processing time.

Where UKVI require longer than usual to process your visa application they may sometimes e-mail you and advise you to expect a potential delay. They will explain that you need to wait until they contact you again. They will not usually offer information about the specific reason for a delay in processing a visa application or when you can expect to receive a visa decision.

Unfortunately they will not usually offer a visa applicant or ISS any specific information about the reason for the delay, or when you can expect to receive a visa decision.  Where you receive an e-mail like this, keep checking your e-mails (Inbox and Junk folders) while you wait for a visa decision or any further communications from the UKVI / your visa application centre.



If you are concerned you will not receive your Student Visa in time: See the information below under the sub-heading "If you are worried you will not receive your Student Visa in time" and contact Admissions and your School Office / Graduate School Office at UoG as soon as possible to explain your situation.

Unfortunately ISS have no influence over the time it takes UKVI to process a visa application and we are unable to ask UKVI to expedite your visa application decision.



Making your Student Visa application
You can submit your Student Visa application once you have received your CAS from Admissions and have prepared any other visa application documents required.



ATAS applications: If you need an ATAS certificate for your Student Visa application and to be able to start studying on your course at UoG, remember that you can apply for this before receiving your CAS. See the "Documents and CAS" section for information about Student Visa application documents, including applying for an ATAS certificate.  You need to receive the ATAS certificate in time to submit with your other Student Visa application documents.

An ATAS application may take up to 2 months to process during busier times of year).  Unfortunately ISS have no influence over the length of time it takes the FCDO to process an ATAS application and we are unable to ask the FCDO to expedite your application decision.

Please note:

You can pay for a priority visa application service to receive a faster visa decision. You will however need to pay extra money to use a priority or super priority visa application service and select this option at the time you apply for the Student Visa.  It would not be possible to  ask for your visa application to be considered under a priority service at a later date.
All parts of the visa application process (e.g submitting the visa application form, submitting documents, giving your biometrics) must be undertaken in the country you are applying for the visa from. It is not possible to undertake any part of the visa application process inside the UK.
Once you have undertaken all visa application process steps you would then wait to receive the visa application decision.  You can travel to the UK once you have received your Student Visa (on or after the "valid from date" stated on the visa).
Please do not travel to the UK before your Student Visa has been issued, even if you can normally visit the UK without a visa.  As discussed on the Visa Registration webpages, you will not be able to complete Visa Registration and start your studies if you do this.
It is best wherever possible to book travel to the UK after you have received your Student Visa (in case of any visa processing delays).
Unfortunately the university has no influence over how long it takes UKVI to process a visa application.


Receive the Student Visa in time to start your course
You must apply for the Student Visa in enough time to undertake the following steps and start your course at UoG:

Receive your visa sticker, or digital visa status (if you are issued a 90 day visa sticker you also need to collect your BRP within 10 days of arriving in UK)
Travel to the UK on your Student Visa (on or after the 'valid from' date on your visa sticker or digital visa status)
Complete Visa Registration on or before the latest course start date / latest arrival date stated on your CAS
It is unlikely that you will be able to start your course at UoG if you are unable to complete the steps above by the required date.



If you are worried you will not receive your Student Visa in time
If you think you may not receive your Student Visa in time to travel to the UK and complete Visa Registration before the latest arrival date, contact Admissions and your School Office / Graduate School Office at UoG as soon as possible and explain your situation. They can then advise you of any available options (for example, if you need to defer the date you can start your course, or if you can exceptionally be given a later, latest arrival date etc).

If it is confirmed that you will be offered a later, latest arrival date, and where your CAS is still marked as "Assigned", we understand Admissions will update your CAS with the new latest arrival date.

If your CAS is marked as "Used", you should print off the e-mail you have received confirming any new later arrival date agreed, and carry this in your hand luggage with your passport and a copy of your CAS when you travel to the UK.  You can then show this to a UK Border Officer if you are asked why you are coming later than the latest arrival date stated on your CAS.
See our FAQs Guide for answers to the most commonly asked questions about applying for a Student Visa from outside the UK at this link: https://www.gla.ac.uk/media/Media_1018612_smxx.pdf

APPLYING FOR A STUDENT VISA INSIDE THE UK
You can apply for a Student Visa inside the UK if you meet the UKVI's eligibility requirements to do so. See our information on how to understand which visa application documents to prepare, how to get a CAS, how to complete the Student Visa application form as well as how and when to apply.

We also have detailed and useful information and guidance in our "Prepare-Complete-Submit" guides, including our Academic Progression Guide.

Changes to your studies may require you to apply for a Student Visa - please see our webpages for information and contact us at International Student Support if you have any visa related questions about changes to studies.

Where your offer of study confirms an ATAS certificate is required for your course, please note that you need to make sure you apply for and receive this in time to upload with your other Student Visa application documents, and to be able to study at UoG.  See the "Documents and CAS" section for information on applying for an ATAS certificate.



Eligibility to apply for a Student Visa inside the UK
Eligibility Requirements to apply for a Student Visa in the UK:
You need to meet all the UKVI's eligiblity requirements to make a Student Visa application in the UK.



Current UK visa

You must:

Hold a valid Student (or Tier 4 (General) visa, or
Hold a valid visa for a category that UKVI permit to "switch" into the Student Visa route*
*UKVI say you cannot apply in the UK to "switch" to a Student Visa if you are in the UK on one of the following visa types -

a visit visa
a short-term student visa
a Parent of a Child Student visa
a seasonal worker visa
a domestic worker in a private household visa
leave outside the immigration rules
Visa must still be valid (has not expired) on the date of visa application.



Valid CAS
You need a new UoG CAS to use with your Student Visa application.  For example, when starting a new course, progressing to the higher level of an integrated course, or continuing study on the same course following changes to your studies. See the "Your CAS" webpages.



Course Start Date on CAS
This must be either before your current visa expires, or, within the 28 days after your current visa expires.



Academic Progression requirement
Student Visa holders must also meet the UKVI's academic progression requirement.  See the ISS Academic Progression Guide and Appendix Student of the Immigration Rules for details.

Where your CAS is for a new course, you must have successfully completed the course you have been studying on your current Student Visa to meet the academic progression requirement.  You will either provide evidence of having successfully completed the course, or your CAS must bear a statement confirming this.

Otherwise, your new CAS must state the reason (from those listed in Appendix Student of the Immigration Rules) explaining how you are either demonstrating academic progression, or, are exempt from demonstrating academic progression (as per one of the listed exceptions).

Please note:

If the new course your new CAS is issued for is at the same level as the course successfully completed on your current Student Visa please see ST14.3(c) of Appendix Student for the additional information required on your CAS.
You cannot apply for a Student Visa in the UK if the new course is at a lower level than the course successfully completed on your current Student Visa, or, where your CAS does bear a valid academic progression statement as per Appendix Student.


Maintenance requirement
You will need to have enough money to cover:

➢ any unpaid tuition fees (see your CAS / official tuition fee receipts), plus

➢ £1023 for each month of your course (up to 9 months (£9207) for living costs

See the "Documents and CAS" section and the ISS "Prepare Guide" for information about the maintenance requirement, and the financial documents UKVI say you can prepare as evidence of meeting the maintenance requirement.

*If you have been living in the UK on a valid visa for 12 months or more at the time you make your Student Visa application in the UK, UKVI say you will not be asked to provide evidence of meeting the maintenance requirements.

When to apply
When to apply
You can apply once you have the new CAS for your new course or period of forthcoming studies.  Where you are applying for a Student Visa in the UK, Admissions can usually only issue the CAS within the 3 months before your visa expiry date (except where you are issued a new CAS as you are applying for a Student Visa to move to the higher level of an integrated course, for example).

You must always apply for the Student Visa on or before your current visa expiry date (as part of making an "in-time visa application)
The date you submit the online Student Visa application form is the date you have applied for the Student Visa (this is called the "date of application")
You must make an "in-time" visa application to be able to study at UoG (and to stay lawfully in the UK if your current visa expires before UKVI make a decision on your Student Visa application)


You do not need to receive the new Student Visa before your current visa expires to be able to start or continue your studies at UoG (except when switching from a Graduate Visa). You must however show evidence that you have made an "in-time" visa application (the "Document Checklist") to the Immigration Compliance Team to:

complete Visa Registration and start your course (where you are a new student) or
provide evidence of the date of application to the Immigration Compliance Team (where you are a current UoG student continuing study on the same course).


If your current Student Visa was issued for study at UoG:
You will need to submit the online Student Visa application form and complete Visa Registration at UoG:

on or before your visa expiry date, and
within the 6 weeks following your course start date on your CAS


If your current Student Visa was issued for study at another institution (e.g. GIC):
You will need to submit the online Student Visa application form and complete Visa Registration at UoG:

on or before your visa expiry date, and
on or before the latest course start date on your UoG CAS


Making an "in-time" visa application
This allows you to:

continue to live in the UK lawfully under the conditions of your current visa while you wait for your Student Visa application decision (even if your current visa expires while you are waiting)
start or continue your studies at UoG while you wait for UKVI to make a decision on your Student Visa application*
*Please note: if you are applying in the UK to switch from a Graduate Visa to a Student Visa you must receive the Student Visa and complete Visa Registration with this before you can start your studies at UoG.



"Date of application"
The date you submit the online Student Visa application form (after paying the visa processing fees) is referred to by UKVI as the "date of application". The date of application must be on or before your current visa expiry date. Applying before your current visa expires is part of making an "in-time" visa application.

Please note: If you do not make an "in-time" visa application before your visa expires, and you continue staying in the UK after your visa expiry date (including where you make a Student Visa application after your visa expiry date), this is called "overstaying".

Overstaying should be avoided wherever possible.  You will not hold valid immigration leave to live or remain in the UK and you will not be allowed to study or work where you become an overstayer. You can see information about overstaying on the UKCISA webpages.



"Document Checklist"
This is the  evidence you need to show the Immigration Compliance Team to prove that you have made an "in-time" visa application.

The Document Checklist states the date you submitted the online Student Visa application form. It will be available to you after you have paid the visa processing fees (in one of the last sections of the online visa application form).

You will be taken to a screen where you can click on a link to view the Document Checklist, save a PDF copy and print this.  We discuss how to find the Document Checklist in the ISS Submit Guide.



Application process
Complete and submit the Student Visa online application form
See our Prepare Guide and Submit Guide - the visa application form you need to use depends on whether you currently hold a Student or Tier 4 (General) Visa, or another visa type:



If your current visa is a Student or Tier 4 (General) visa: Complete the online Student Visa application form here to "extend" your visa.

If you hold another type of eligible visa to apply in the UK: Complete the online Student visa application form to "switch" into the Student Visa route.



Remember - you must always submit your Student Visa application on or before your current visa expires and make an "in-time" visa application when applying in the UK.


Estimated visa processing times
The estimated visa processing time will depend on whether you use a standard or priority visa application service.  UKVI can start processing your visa application once you have uploaded your visa application documents (and where you do not use the IDV app, after you have given your biometric details at a UKVCAS appointment).

Usually, the estimated visa processing time when using the Standard application service is up to 8 weeks.

You may wish to consider paying more fees and using a "priority" visa application service if you would like to receive your visa decision faster (for example, the estimated visa processing time is 5 working days when using the "Priority" application service or the next working day when using the "Super Priority" application service).



Pay visa application fees and Immigration Health Surcharge
Visa application fee: When you have paid the visa application fee your online Student Visa application form will be submitted (the date you pay the visa fees is the date you have made the Student Visa application).  It is £490 for visa fees when you apply using the Standard application service.



Immigration Health Surcharge: In most cases you will have to pay the Immigration Health Surcharge (IHS). Check how much to expect to pay here. The amount you pay for IHS will depend on the length of visa you will be granted.  Where your overall course is longer than 12 months you can expect UKVI to grant you a visa that expires 4 months after the course end date on your CAS.

From 6 February 2024, IHS will be charged at £776 for each period of visa applied for that is 6-12 months long and £388 for any period of less than 6 months.

A very limited number of people are exempt from paying the immigration health surcharge. UKVI discuss this on their webpages here.

Students receiving funding from a Chevening, Marshall or Commonwealth Scholarships who have chosen the relevant type of application at the beginning of the form, do not need to pay the IHS (but will still have to complete the IHS section of the application form; the form will calculate the IHS payment as '£0.00').

If your healthcare is paid for by an EU country or Switzerland see the UKVI webpages for information on when you may be able to receive a full or partial IHS refund.



IDV app / Biometric details
When you follow the link to the Student Visa application form from the UKVI website, you may be asked to use the IDV app.  Where you use the IDV app your Biometric details that were given for your previous visa application (usually where this was made in the UK) are re-used.

Where you cannot use the app please click on the link shown on the screen that says "I do not have a phone that can use the app".

If you cannot use the IDV app, or you are not given the option to use the IDV app, you will need to book and attend a UKVCAS appointment to give your biometrics details for your visa application.

UKVCAS biometric appointments need to be booked for a date that falls within the 45 working days after you have submitted your Student Visa application form - see the UKVI's Biometric Enrolment guidance for details.


Once you have submitted the visa application form
UKVI say that if you leave the Common Travel Area (CTA) after making a Student Visa application (and before receiving the application decision) that they will withdraw your visa application. The CTA comprises UK (including Jersey, Guernsey & Isle of Man) and Ireland.  Please do not leave the CTA until you have received your visa application decision and new Student Visa.



Undertake any remaining tasks for the visa application process:

upload visa application documents
download your Document Checkist (use for Visa Registration)
book and attend UKVCAS centre to give biometric details (if you did not use the IDV app)


If you used the IDV app...

After submitting the online visa application form you will be prompted to upload any required visa application documents via your UKVI online application account. Follow the instructions on the screen. Your biometric details given for your previous UK visa application will be re-used.



If you did not use the IDV app...

You will be prompted on screen to make a UKVCAS online account and book a UKVCAS appointment (to give your biometric details).  You will upload your visa application documents via the UKVCAS website before the date you attend the UKVCAS appointment.



Wait for a decision e-mail from UKVI: Once a decision has been made on your visa application you will receive a decision e-mail from UKVI. The decision e-mail will confirm the outcome of your visa application.  It will also state if you have been granted a digital visa status (and how to access your share code if so) or a BRP. Keep a copy of the decision e-mail somewhere safe.



If you change your UK address after submitting the online visa application form: You must inform UKVI of any address change while waiting to receive your visa decision or BRP.  See the UKVI webpages for how to update UKVI with a new address.

If your current visa was issued on a BRP or a visa sticker, you would tell UKVI about a change of address using the online form.

If you were granted an online digital status for your current visa, you can change your address on your online visa account.



Documents and CAS
Your CAS
See the information on the "Your CAS" webpages. This must be a valid CAS issued for either a new course at UoG or issued to you when applying for a Student Visa following changes to your UoG studies.  The CAS must also contain a relevant academic progression statement when you are applying for a Student Visa in the UK.



Documents and requirements
Your documents can be made in the UK or outside the UK, however they must meet the UKVI's requirements (as discussed in the UKVI's guidance and Immigration Rules):

UKVI's Student Guidance
UKVI's Financial Evidence for Student Route Applicants guide
Immigration Rules:

Appendix Student
Appendix Finance
Appendix ATAS
Prepare your visa application documents before you submit your online visa application form wherever possible and upload these by the relevant deadline:

If you use the IDV app: before the document upload deadline stated on your UKVI application account (shown on screen after submitting your Student Visa application form)
If you do not use the IDV app: before the date of your UKVCAS biometrics appointment
See our Prepare Guide where we offer detailed information about the maintenance requirement, preparing documents and the UKVI's document requirements.


Common documents to prepare when applying for a Student Visa
Current passport (ID page)


Current visa (e.g. copy of BRP / visa sticker).  Digital visa holders refer to their online visa details.


CAS: See the information on the webpages.  Tuition fees paid after your CAS was issued will not show on your CAS - you would need to prepare tuition fees receipts from University of Glasgow as evidence of the amount paid.


Academic Progression evidence: If your CAS is for a new course at UoG, unless your CAS states you are demonstrating academic progression as you successfully completed the course your current Student Visa was granted for, you need to include evidence of this with your Student Visa application (e.g. certificate or formal "highly likely to successfully complete" letter).


Academic documents stated on CAS: see the "English Language" and "Evidence used to obtain offer" sections.  As UoG is an "HEP with a track record of compliance" you may be told that you do not need to submit academic documents stated on your CAS when you come to the documents section of your Student Visa application.  Please also see the information on "Differential Evidence" at the end of this section.


ATAS certificate: if offer letter / CAS from Admissions says ATAS certificate required, apply for this as soon as possible. It can take around 4-6 weeks for the FCDO to process an ATAS application. You need to apply for a new ATAS certificate  whenever you make a Student Visa application. See your offer letter details and contact your School Office / Graduate School for the course / research details, name of your supervisor etc to write on the ATAS application (Admissions can confirm the CAH3 code).
* You must receive the ATAS certificate in time and submit this with your other Student Visa application documents (by the deadline for document uploads).  You also need to show evidence to that you have received your ATAS certificate to be able to start / continue your course at UoG.



Financial evidence: documents can be made outside the UK but must meet UKVI's document requirements and show you meet UKVI's maintenance requirements i.e. enough money to cover:
➢ any unpaid tuition fees (see your CAS / official tuition fee receipts), plus

➢ £1023 for each month of your course (up to 9 months (£9207) for living costs.

Tuition fees paid after the CAS has been issued will not be shown on your CAS. Prepare tuition fees receipts from University of Glasgow as evidence of the amount of tuition fees you have paid.



Using financial evidence in a parent or legal guardian's name: We discuss this further along with the UKVI document requirements in our Prepare Guide - you will also need to prepare additional documents, i.e.:
➢Evidence of relationship to your parents (e.g. birth certificate), and

➢Letter of consent from your parents



Official financial sponsor letter: (e.g. if you will receive official financial sponsorship / scholarship money for tuition fees and living costs). See UKVI's definition of who is an official financial sponsor and evidence requirements in the Prepare Guide.  Evidence will either be your CAS or official financial sponsor letter.
If the official financial sponsorship / scholarship money is paid to you via UoG, the details of this should be stated on your CAS.  Otherwise, you need to prepare an official financial sponsor letter.

Your sponsor letter will need to state your financial sponsor's written consent to you applying for a Student Visa to stay longer in the UK where:

- you are continuing a course and will continue to receive financial sponsorship (or scholarship) money (that covers both tuition fees and living costs) from a government or international scholarship agency, or

- you completed a course in the UK within the 12 months before the date you applied for a Student Visa that you received financial sponsorship (or scholarship) money from a government or international scholarship agency that covered both tuition fees and living costs.



You will not need to provide the financial sponsor's written consent where:

- Money not received from a government or international scholarship agency

- Money received via UoG (e.g. details of official financial sponsorship / scholarship are stated on the CAS)

- Money received not for both tuition fees and living costs (where you are “partially funded”).



Currency Conversions: If the currency on your financial document is not in GBP, you need to make and save a currency conversion to GBP (as a PDF) on the day you submit the online visa application form. Use: https://www.oanda.com/currency-converter/en/


Translation of any document not in English: Must meet the requirements in UKVI's Student Guidance:
"If a document is not in English or Welsh, the applicant must provide a fully certified translation from a professional translator or translation company that can be independently verified by the Home Office. The translation must include all of the following information:

• confirmation that it is an accurate translation of the document

• the date of translation

• the full name and signature of the translator or an official from the translation company

• the translator or translation company’s contact details"


Other considerations when preparing documents
Applicants who have lived in the UK for 12 months or more:

If you have been living in the UK on a valid visa for 12 months or more at the time you make your Student Visa application, UKVI say you will not be asked to provide financial evidence of meeting the Student Visa maintenance requirements.



"Differential Evidence" arrangements and documents:

Certain nationals applying for a Student Route visa may not be asked to provide evidence of their finances or their 'evidence used to obtain the offer' documents with their visa application - see Appendix Student, paragraph ST 22.1 for details. However it is best to prepare these documents anyway, as UKVI can ask for them at any time before they make a decision on your visa application.  You would still need to prepare and submit an ATAS certificate and written consent from your official financial sponsor where required as usual however.


SCHENGEN VISAS
This section contains guidance on Schengen visas.  While ISS are unable to offer advise or application checks for Schengen visas, we can offer information and some general guidance such as that discussed below.

When and how to apply
Please check directly with the Embassy or Consulate (or visa application centre) of the country you are applying to for their application information.
The visa application process will involve completing an application form, collecting supporting documents and submitting these to the Embassy or Consulate of the country you wish to travel to.

If you are a national who is required to submit a Schengen visa application before travelling, you will usually be required to apply at least 15 days before the intended journey (but no earlier than 3 months before the intended journey).

Although application forms vary depending on the Embassy/Consulate at which you will apply, you may find our example of a completed Schengen visa application form useful(https://www.gla.ac.uk/media/Media_335056_smxx.pdf) for general information on the questions asked. If previewing in a browser only, please open using Internet Explorer or Firefox.

See our ISS Schengen Visas Guide(https://www.gla.ac.uk/media/Media_929201_smxx.pdf) for information and to establish which country you should apply to if travelling to more than one country in the Schengen area.

Documents
Please check with the Embassy / Consulate (or visa application centre) of the country you will apply to and check what documents you need prepare, as well as the requirements your documents must meet.
You should prepare any required documents before you make your Schengen visa application.

See our ISS Schengen Visas Guide for information about the documents most commonly required when making a Schengen visa application.


\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES AND INFORMATION


Description: University Counselling and Psychological Services

The purpose of the University of Glasgow Counselling Service is to
support students to manage their mental health and to build strategies
that will help them successfully complete their course of study. The
Service is primarily designed to support those with mild to moderate
needs. The Service does not diagnose or prescribe and is not a crisis
service, although they do offer Crisis Support. Students who require
medical support should consult their GP (General medical Practitioner).

You can register with the Service for counseling and psychological
services is:
https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/counselling/appointment/#registerforsupport
The email of the counseling and psychological
services is: studentcounselling@glasgow.ac.uk/ The phone number for the counseling and psychological
services: 0141 330 4528

If you would like to speak to someone immediately, please call the
Student Advice Line on 0800 028 3766.


Togetherall

Togetherall is a safe space online to get things off your chest, explore
your feelings and learn how to improve and self-manage your mental
health and wellbeing. It is an anonymous community available to all UofG
students and staff, where members can support each other. It is
accessible 24 hours a day, 365 days a year with trained professionals
available 24/7 to keep the community safe. It also offers a wide range
of self-guided courses to do at your own pace.

Accessing Togetherall: Go to: https://togetherall.com/en-gb/ Click
\"Join Now\" and use your University of Glasgow email address to sign up
Choose an anonymous username

Self-help Resources The University has collated a list of self-help
resources that contain guidance, apps and links to external charities
and resources for a variety of different issues such as: abuse,
addiction, anxiety, depression, disordered eating and stress &
relaxation. Here is the website:
https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/counselling/self-help/

General Practitioners Your GP can also help you determine what support
is best for you if you are struggling with your mental health, and if
you could benefit from taking medication. If you're not currently
registered with a GP, you can find your local practice by registering in
this website,
https://www.nhsinform.scot/care-support-and-rights/nhs-services/doctors/registering-with-a-gp-practice

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: PEER WELLBEING SUPPORT


Description: Peer Wellbeing Supporters are students who have been
recruited and received 27 hours of specialized, evidence-based training
by qualified counsellors/psychotherapists to equip them for the role.

Here is the official website for Peer Wellbeing Support:
https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/peersupport/

Peer Wellbeing Supporters are trained to assist students who are
experiencing mild mental health issues and/or with issues such as
anxiety, stress, isolation, dealing with change, relationship problems,
financial stress and homesickness.

When accessing Peer Support, in line with established practice across
universities, you will be supported by two trained Peer Wellbeing
Supporters throughout your session.

You can book a Peer Wellbeing Support Session here:
https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/peersupport/book/

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: STUDENTS WITH CARING RESPONSIBILITIES


Description: The University has a Student Parents & Carers page which
outlines how the university can support students in balance their caring
responsibilities with their studies. The University is committed to
providing as much flexibility as possible to facilitate students'
success, making sure no student is disadvantaged.

Here is the page:
https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/equalitydiversity/students/studentparentcarers/

For Carers who, due to their caring responsibilities, will require
special arrangements, these can be put in place by filling out a Student
Carers' Plan. This plan can be found on the final pages of the Student
Carers' Policy, included in the page linked above. Students who are
carers may be awarded a grant in recognition of the extra costs
associated with this status from the Discretionary Fund. Find the
eligibility criteria for applying and further information here
https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/registry/finance/funds/#discretionary&childcarefunds

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: STUDENT PARENTS


Description: The University has a Student Parents & Carers page
\"https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/equalitydiversity/students/studentparentcarers/\"
that provides guidance for students who are parents or guardians of
children under the age of 18. The policy supports the University's
commitment to ensuring that responsibility for a child is not a barrier
to any student starting, succeeding in or completing a programme of
study. Grants can be made towards registered or formal childcare costs
which are not covered from any other source, for full-time students
eligible for SAAS tuition fee funding. Find more information and your
eligibility to apply for the childcare fund here at
https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/registry/finance/funds/#discretionary&childcarefunds

The Family Study Lounge is located on level 4 of the Library. The space
has been created in response to feedback from students asking for a
facility that enables parents/carers to use Library facilities with
their children. This is an area where members with children can study,
children are to be supervised at all times. Please make sure that all
toys and books are tidied away before you leave.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: STUDY SUPPORT


Description: The Student Learning Development Service (SLD) offers study
and writing advice for students. You can make an appointment with an
Adviser though your MyCampus page or go along to a class to talk about
your academic work.

Website: https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/sld/

Common topics include: - Academic writing (essays, lab reports, research
proposals) - Critical analysis - Scientific presentations - Time and
project management - Effective, evidence-based study and revision
methods

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: UNIVERSITY OF GLASGOW CAREERS SERVICE


Description: Career Development Description: Information, self-guided
learning, and live masterclasses to empower all students, regardless of
academic year, in their career development, planning, and preparation.

Finding Jobs & Work Experience Description: Access part-time, full-time,
internships, graduate roles, study and work abroad opportunities, work
experience, and more.

Events Description: Meet and network with a range of employers, alumni,
and other special guests at careers fairs and events.

Login to Glasgow Careers Description: Glasgow Careers serves as a
centralized platform to find jobs, book appointments, register for
events, and access additional resources.

Open Resources Description: Enhance your employability with valuable
careers advice and learn career planning techniques through these
resources.

Information for Employers Description: Learn about engaging with
University of Glasgow students, raising your profile on-campus, booking
events, and advertising jobs/internships.

The website for the careers service:
https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/careers/


\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

General Guidance for Support Services:

Topic: Emergency/Crisis:

Threat to Life:

Immediately call 999
Notify Campus Security: Gilmorehill: 0141 330 4444,  Garscube: 0141 330 2222
Concerned about your own or someone elses mental health:

University Crisis Team
Call: +44 (0) 141 330 4444 (ext. 4444)
The Samaritans
Call: 116 123
Breathing Space Helpline
Call: 0800 83 85 87


Physical Health
To access immediate medical help or advice if your condition is NOT life threatening:

Call NHS 24: 111 (calls are free)
To find out about vaccinations, and how to register with a doctor or a dentist:

NHS Services in Glasgow: https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/students/safetyhealth/healthservices/


Topic: Exam Information

Any questions about exams such as plagiurism, misconduct, timetables and dates, and general guidance about exams can visit this website: https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/registry/exams/.



Topic: CERTIFYING LETTERS
A standard certifying letter confirms your personal information, programme information and tuition fees. You can use it to confirm your status as a registered student, or for proof of address.

Certifying letters are available for free, via self service or request, for registered students.
Former students are required to submit an online application. Please see the former students section below for further information.

Certifying Letters for Registered Students
Our standard certifying letter confirms your status as a registered student at The University of Glasgow. Registered students can produce their own certifying letters using their MyCampus Student Center.

Standard Information
The following information is included as standard on all of our certifying letters.

Personal details (name, date of birth, student number, home and term-time addresses)
Course details (school, programme of study, academic plan, year of study)
Start date and expected duration of programme
Tuition fees for the current academic session
Troubleshooting Self Service Issues
Our self service documents open in a new window or tab. If you are trying to generate your own documents and nothing happens, you may need to disable your pop-up blocker or allow pop-ups for University of Glasgow pages.

If you have disabled your pop-up blocker and you are still having issues generating your document you may need to clear your browser cache.

Apply Online

Applications should be submitted on the UofG Helpdesk. If you require us to send a copy of your certifying letter to another institution or an employer please note the relevant details in the additional information section of your application form. Please note that documents will be produced within 15 working days.

Bank Letters
International students may require a bank letter in order to open a bank account in the UK.

For more information on opening a bank account please see the content available on the International Support Team pages.

Our bank letters confirm all of the information included on our standard certifying letter, however, they are also addressed to the specific bank branch you are applying for an account with.

Note that banks will reject any letters without a term address, so please ensure that your record is up to date before producing or requesting a bank letter.

Students who have completed academic registration can produce their own bank letters using their MyCampus Student Center.

Troubleshooting Self Service Issues
Our self service documents open in a new window or tab. If you are trying to generate your own documents and nothing happens, you may need to disable your pop-up blocker or allow pop-ups for University of Glasgow pages.

If you have disabled your pop-up blocker and you are still having issues generating your document you may need to clear your browser cache.

Bank Letter Requirements
Many banks are now accepting unstamped bank letters from the University of Glasgow, meaning that some students may be able to produce their own bank letter and avoid the need to request one from the Student Services Enquiry Team. So please check with the bank you are wanting to open an account with regarding their specific requirements before you submit a request.

Apply Online
Applications should be submitted on the UofG Helpdesk. Please note that documents will be produced within 15 working days.

Topic: COUNCIL TAX EXEMPTION

Council tax is set by local authorities to help pay for certain services they provide, such as schools, rubbish collection, roads and street lighting. In Scotland it also includes a charge for water and sewerage.

Students may be eligible for exemption status or a discount on their council tax bill depending on their living arrangements and circumstances.

Exemption status is not automatically awarded unless you are living in University of Glasgow accommodation.

In order to apply for exemption from your local authority you will need to provide them with confirmation of your student status from the University, and confirmation of your property details.


Exemption Criteria

Students are generally eligible for exemption status or discount providing they meet the following criteria.

Fully registered and enrolled on an award bearing programme
Studying more than 21 hours per week and at least 24 weeks throughout the academic year
Enrolled on at least 63 credits for the academic year
Eligibility categories are based on established Glasgow City Council and other local authority regulations. The University of Glasgow do not set exemption criteria or determine eligibility.

Please check the table below to confirm if you are eligible for exemption status or discount.

Type of Student	Eligible
Undergraduate - Full Time	Yes
Undergraduate - Part Time, Enrolled in Over 63 Credits	Yes
Undergraduate - part Time, Enrolled in Under 63 Credits	No
Postgraduate Taught - Full Time	Yes
Postgraduate Taught - Part Time, Enrolled in Over 63 Credits	Yes
Postgraduate Taught - Part Time, Enrolled in Under 63 Credits	No
Postgraduate Research - Full Time	Yes
Postgraduate Research - Part Time	See below
Postgraduate Research - Thesis Pending	See FAQs
Incoming Erasmus (EU) Semester 2 and Both Semesters	Yes - see below
Study Abroad and Exchange - European Union	Yes - see below
Study Abroad and Exchange - International	No
Pre-Sessional - More than 25 Weeks Course Duration	Yes
Pre-Sessional - Less than 25 Weeks Course Duration	No
Exams Only Registration	See below
More information on how Glasgow City Council define council tax exemption is available on their website. It is important that you are clear on this and any questions or queries on the exemption process should be raised directly with Glasgow City Council, or your local authority.

Students living in University accommodation
If you are living in University accommodation, you automatically receive council tax exemption and do not need to submit an exemption form or confirm student status with your local authority.

Exemption or discount?
An exemption from council tax may be awarded if you meet the eligibility criteria and live alone or if you live with other eligible students who have also applied for exemption.

A discount from council tax may be awarded if eligible student(s) live with one person that is not eligible. The discount award is based on the full household circumstances and the eligible student will not be held liable for Council Tax.

More details on exemption and discount criteria are provided by Glasgow City Council.

Not eligible for exemption/discount?
If you are a not an eligible student according to the criteria above and defined by Glasgow City Council and other authorities, you may be able to claim Council Tax Reduction or Housing Benefit, which is income-based.

More details on Council Tax Reduction and Housing Benefit are available from Glasgow City Council or from your local authority.

How do I apply for exemption/discount?
Exemption is not automatically awarded. In order to apply for exemption from your local authority, you will need to provide them with:

Confirmation of your student status from the University
Confirmation of your property details
How to apply for confirmation of your student status:
Your student status can only be confirmed once you are fully registered for this academic year. Your exemption will be for this academic year only.

You will need to apply for exemption again next year if you continue your studies and still meet the eligibility criteria.

We can only provide confirmation of the details currently held on your student record in MyCampus. It is your responsibility to ensure all these details are up to date and correct (including your current term time address).

For details on how to request confirmation from Glasgow City Council and other local authorities, please see below:

Living in the Glasgow City Council (GCC) area:	Living in another local authority area or not included on the exemption file:
Students applying for exemption from GCC should opt-in to the automated exemption facility, which comprises three steps:

Step 1. Ensure your term address is up to date in MyCampus

Step 2. Opt in to the automated process from MyCampus (either at registration or from the Addresses page in your Student Center)

Step 3. Complete section 1 of the GCC Tax Exemption Form online(http://www.glasgow.gov.uk/index.aspx?articleid=17215)

You can opt in either during the online academic registration process, or from the address page of your MyCampus Student Center.

Find out how to

This process does not apply to part-time postgraduate research students and BA Childhood Practice students (see below).

Living in another local authority area:

If you require exemption for a different local authority, please contact them for a paper exemption form.

You can email, post or bring the form to the Student Services Enquiry Team who will complete the relevant section for you before returning the form to you.

Not included on the exemption file:

If you are not eligible for the automated facility the Student Services Enquiry Team can organise, where eligible, for you to have a letter produced.

You are a full time student you can have this produced on the spot if you visit the Student Services Enquiry Team in person or you can organise to have a letter emailed/posted to you. If you are a part time student living within Glasgow City Council we will have to produce a manual letter for you which can take up to five working days. Students should submit a request online for this.

It is still your responsiblity to ensure section 1 of the GCC exemption form is completed either online or download the form, print and return to Glasgow City Council.

Other categories:
Part-time postgraduate research students
Part-time postgraduate research students will not be included on the automated file for Glasgow City Council.

In order to qualify for exemption, you are required to be studying at least 21 hours per week. Students who are undertaking a PhD course spanning less than five years automatically meet this requirement and do not need to complete a Verification Form as noted below.

If the duration of your PhD course spans more than five years, you will need to ask your School Office or Supervisor to to complete a 'Verification Form' confirming that you meet the minimum study requirements. This will enable Student Services to confirm your student status for council tax purposes.

First, download the Council Tax Verification (Part-Time PGR)(https://www.gla.ac.uk/media/Media_432524_smxx.pdf) form and take this to your School Office or Supervisor to confirm the hours you study. Ask them to complete this form and return it to you. You can then bring the completed form to the Student Services Desk.

Second, if you don't live in Glasgow, and are not claiming exemption / discount from Glasgow City Council, you will need to get a paper exemption form from your local authority and bring it (with your completed College Verification Form) to the Student Services Desk for completion. If you are claiming exemption / discount from Glasgow City Council, you do not need to provide a paper form, we will provide you with a Certifying Letter - please note that as this is a manual letter this can take up to five working days to produce.

Third, give your Certifying Letter or completed exemption form to your local council. We will keep the verification form provided by your School Office or Supervisor on record for the current and previous academic year.

Study Abroad and Exchange Students (Including Erasmus+) - Semester 2 and Both Semesters
Students visiting on a study abroad or exchange programme (including Erasmus+) for Semester 2 and Both Semesters will be eligible to be included on the automated file to Glasgow City Council. Semester 1 students will not be included on the automated file since they are undertaking a period of study of less than 24 weeks.

However, Semester 1 students can provide the council with a letter from their home institution to confirm that they are continuing on a full time programme of study for the rest of the academic year and confirming the qualification they will be working towards.

Students should submit this letter along with the exemption form to their council.

If attending for longer than one semester, students will not need to provide this additional documentation to their council.

BA Childhood Practice
BA Childhood Practice students will not be eligible to be included on the automated file for Glasgow City Council.

In order to qualify for exemption, you are required to be a full time student, or studying at least 21 hours per week (>63 credits).

If you meet this criteria, you will need to have your student status confirmed using the paper process. You will need to get a paper exemption form from your local authority and bring it to the Student Services Desk for Section 2 to be completed.

You are required to be studying at least 21 hours per week in order to qualify for exemption (>63 credits).

Glasgow International College students	You will need to get a paper exemption form from your local authority and take it to Glasgow International College for completion.
Exams Only	If you are registered as 'exams only' you will be included on the automated file for Glasgow City Council. However, the final decision on your eligibility for a discount or exemption will be made by the Council depending on your circumstances.


Frequently Asked Questions
Q1: What information do you send to the council?
Once you are fully registered, if you meet the above criteria we will send the following information on the file:

your full name
student number (GUID)
type of certificate/qualification
programme name
programme start date
programme end date/date of withdrawal (if applicable)
length of programme within academic year
average attendance per week
term-time address.
Please ensure the information on your MyCampus record matches the information you provide to the council (e.g. term time address), as conflicts in information can result in a delay or rejection of your application for exemption.

Q2: I’ve moved. Do I need to do anything?
If you change your address, you must update your MyCampus record and also let your local authority know.

If your new address is within Glasgow City Council area, if you have opted in, the University will send updated information electronically to Glasgow City Council, but you are still required to complete Section 1 for the new address (see above in ‘How do I apply for exemption/discount’).

If your new address is in the area of another local authority, please see the information above for how to apply for your exemption.

Q3: I am eligible for exemption but have received a bill from the council, what should I do?
You should first check the following:

Are you fully registered?
Are you residing in the GCC area and opted into the GCC confirmation of student status and completed Section 1 (online or by paper)?
Have you completed a paper form for a different authority?
Do you meet the exemption criteria above?
Is your term time address up to date in MyCampus and is it the same as the address you provided the council with?
If you are living with other students, have they also applied for exemption?
If you do not meet these conditions, the council will not be able to process your exemption. Please ensure you also allow 14 working days for any change in your information to arrive with the council and be processed.

If you do meet the above conditions and still have received a bill from the council, please contact the Student Services Enquiry Team.

Q4: I have been contacted by debt collection agency regarding Council Tax – I am a full-time student, what should I do?
If you have received a debt collection letter, please first check the information above under ‘I have received a bill from the council’. If you are eligible for exemption, please bring a paper exemption form from the relevant council to the Student Services Enquiry Team who will complete it with your information.

Q5: When do I stop being exempt from council tax?
If your eligibility changes e.g. if you go from full time study to part time study
If you complete or withdraw from your programme
If you are an undergraduate student in your final year, your exemption will stop at the end of the semester 2, typically the end of May, or for Medicine, Dental, Nursing & Veterinary School students, the end of June. Note that your full time status stops at the end of semester two, and does not extend to include the period between the end of semester and your graduation ceremony.
If you are a post–graduate taught student on a one year course of study, your exemption will normally stop exactly one year from your original start date. Your full time status will not extend to graduation or an extended dissertation deadline if you need extra time to complete your work.
If you are a PhD student, your exemption will stop on the ‘end of study’ date listed on your MyCampus record. This date is added to your record by your graduate school office and will typically be the same as your thesis submission date. If you are unsure of your ‘end of study’ date your graduate school office or the Student Services Enquiry Team will be able to confirm it for you, but if you believe the date is incorrect only your graduate school is able to make changes. Note that your full time status does not extend to your Viva or graduation date.
Please note that Council Tax charges are not administered by the University, and any charges, exemptions or discounts are at the discretion of the Council. For Council Tax purposes, the Student Services Enquiry Team or your graduate school office can only confirm the end dates on your record as described above - if you would like to request an exemption or discount beyond these dates you should explain your circumstances to the Council independently. If you feel that you have been charged council tax unfairly and you would like some advice before contacting the Council, you can contact the Students’ Representative Council. Their information site about Council Tax is available here: https://www.glasgowstudent.net/advice/money/council-tax/

Q6: What happens when I withdraw?
If you are within the GCC area and withdraw from your programme (and have opted into automatic file for GCC), an update will be sent to the council notifying them of your withdrawal date, the next time the automated file is run.

Q7: I have a paper form that needs to be completed. Can someone else bring it to be completed on my behalf?
Because of the personal nature of the information that exemption/discount forms and certificates of student status contain, they can only be requested by third parties (e.g. flat mates, landlords, parents) if the student to be named in the exemption/discount form or certificate of student status has given his/her prior written consent.

Q8: What about housing benefit?
If you are applying for housing benefit or council tax reduction, you will still need to bring in your housing benefit form to Student Services to complete, as it requires additional information from the University to the Council Tax process.

More details on Council Tax Reduction and Housing Benefit are available from Glasgow City Council.

Topic: DEGREE VERIFICATION
All degree verification requests for the University of Glasgow should be submitted directly to HEDD.

HEDD (Higher Education Degree Datacheck) offers a centralised system for degree verification that connects employers, agencies, universities, embassies and councils.

The system was developed by Graduate Prospects, in consultation with universities, employers and screening agencies. Funded by the Higher Education Funding Council for England (HEFCE) and launched by Graduate Prospects, HEDD is used by over 470 recognised UK institutions.

Submitting a Request
For further information and to submit a verification request please visit the HEDD website.

Support and follow up enquiries should be emailed directly to HEDD.

https://www.hedd.ac.uk
heddhelp@prospects.ac.uk
Reference Request Process
Register with HEDD
To submit a verification request you will need to register an account with HEDD. Select ‘University of Glasgow’ from the list of UK higher education institutions and choose the option to 'verify a degree award'. There is a charge of £12 per enquiry. You will also be required to upload a consent form confirming that the candidate has permitted you to verify their data.

Submit a Request
You will need the individual’s name, date of birth, course and qualification. For graduates, you will also need their year of graduation and degree result. If you require dates of attendance, please request this in your enquiry. We recommend that you ask to see the degree certificate if there is one and use that as the basis of your verification enquiry. Alternatively, you could ask the individual to provide you with their data as they believe it’s recorded in the student records system.

Review Your Request Results
If the information submitted is an exact match to the information held within the student record, your request will automatically be verified. If the information does not match all fields, then the enquiry will go to the University of Glasgow for manual verification. Manual verifications will be confirmed within ten working days.

Topic: forms

all the forms you require from the university are sitting in this website here:https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/students/sset/forms/

STUDENT CAMPUS CARDS
Your campus card grants you access to University facilities such as the library and sports facilities and will entitle you to student discounts in a wide variety of shops, bars, cinemas and online.

Most students will be provided with a campus card upon starting your programme of study. If you require a replacement card, please follow the steps below.


Order a Replacement Campus Card
Students who have lost their campus card can purchase a replacement online using their MyCampus Student Center. The Student Services Enquiry Team will notify students by email once their card has been printed and is ready for collection.

Purchasing a new campus card will deactivate any previously printed cards, we cannot reactivate old cards. There is a £10 non-refundable charge for replacement campus cards.

Lost, Damaged, Expired or Stolen Campus Cards
Lost Campus Cards
The Student Services Enquiry Team will notify students by email if their campus card has been handed in. In the event that you have lost your card and it has not been found, you can purchase a replacement online using your MyCampus Student Center.

Damaged Campus Cards
Occasionally your campus card may stop working if it is damaged or due to wear and tear. Students can apply for a free replacement card online.

Expired Campus Cards
Your campus card has an expiry date on it, normally a few weeks after the official end of your programme of study. After this date you will no longer be able to use your campus card to access the Library and other facilities as a student.

If your card has expired but you are a continuing student or you have been given an extension, we can replace your card for free. Students can apply for a free replacement card online. Please note that we can only issue a replacement for an expired card if your school or college have updated your record accordingly.

Stolen Campus Cards
If your campus card has been stolen then we can issue a replacement for free providing it has been reported as stolen, not lost, and you have a copy of your crime reference number or police report. Students can apply for a free replacement card online.

Campus Card Collection for New Students
Please contact the UofG Helpdesk to get the campus card.


Transcripts (HEAR)

TRANSCRIPTS (HEAR)
The Higher Education Achievement Report (HEAR) details both your academic and extracurricular accomplishments. It replaces our traditional degree transcript and offers a much more rounded perspective on how you have used your time at Glasgow, and better supports you in demonstrating your potential to employers.

Transcripts are available for free, via self service or request, for registered students.
Former students are required to submit an online application. See the former students section below for further information.
Self Service
Registered students can produce their own transcripts using their MyCampus Student Center.

Transcripts (HEAR) for Registered Students
Our transcripts provide an overview of your studies at The University of Glasgow. Registered students can produce their own transcripts using their MyCampus Student Center.

How to Print Your Transcript (HEAR) (link for tutorial of how to print the transcript: https://www.gla.ac.uk/media/Media_344501_smxx.pdf)
Please note that your transcript details your entire academic career at the University of Glasgow and we cannot omit or censor any information. We do not sign transcripts by hand as there is a printed signature provided on every transcript.

Standard Information
The following information is included as standard on all of our transcripts.

Personal details (name, date of birth, student number)
Overall course details (level of study, programme of study, language of instruction)
Individual course details (course titles, credits, grades)
Award date and class of degree awarded (if applicable)
Grade point average, or GPA is not included on your transcript. We do not provide any grade equivalency documents for other countries or Universities. Our transcripts include your SCQF (Scottish Credit and Qualifications Framework) and ECTS (European Credit Transfer System) credits. Please note we are also unable to add your class ranking to your transcript.


World Education Services
The University of Glasgow and World Education Services (WES) have an established process through which digital copies of transcripts can be uploaded to WES directly using their secure file transfer protocol system. A WES Academic Records Request form is not required.

If you require your transcript to be sent to WES please be sure to specifically state this in the additional information section of your application form and include your WES reference number.

Apply Online
Applications should be submitted on the UofG Helpdesk. If you require us to send a copy of your transcript to another institution or an employer please note the relevant details in the additional information section of your application form. Please note that documents will be produced within 15 working days.


WITHDRAWING FROM UNIVERSITY
Withdrawal is the formal process for leaving your programme of study and the University.

THINKING ABOUT WITHDRAWING?
Before deciding that withdrawal is the best action for you, please discuss your decision with your Adviser of Studies/Supervisor. Where possible, we will try and give you the advice and support you need to help you stay and carry on with your studies.


If you plan to withdraw because of financial difficulties you are advised to contact the Financial Aid Team at (https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/registry/finance/funds/), who may be able to provide assistance.  The team cannot assist with tuition fees but may be able to assist with living costs.

If you decide to withdraw from University there are some practical things that you need to consider:

Tuition fees
Your tuition fee liability will be recalculated as part of the withdrawal process. Depending on the date of your withdrawal, and how you are funding your studies, you may find you have to pay outstanding tuition fee or other charges or your account may be in credit.  If you are in credit, you need to request a refund via the Helpdesk.

We strongly advise that you also speak directly with your funding provider for advice on whether and how withdrawal may affect your funding and any future entitlement to student support. If you do withdraw you must inform your funding provider that you have done so.


Maintenance loans, scholarships, bursaries and financial aid
Your entitlement to any scholarships, bursaries, loans or financial aid you may be receiving as a student will normally cease when you withdraw.


You will also be ineligible to apply for/receive any further financial aid from the University.

We strongly advise you to speak directly with your funding provider for advice on how withdrawal will affect your funding and any future entitlement to student support. If you do withdraw you must inform your funding provider that you have done so.

Access to University facilities and services
If you withdraw you will lose your entitlement to access University facilities, including the Library and IT facilities.

You should ensure that you return all library books and any other University property to the relevant unit and copy any files or emails on you student IT account that you wish to keep within 30 days from the date you receive confirmation that your withdrawal has been processed.

Accommodation
If you live in University student housing you will normally be expected to move out of their accommodation if you withdraw.

International students
If you are an international student with a Tier 4 visa or Student Visa, you cannot remain in the UK if you withdraw from the University. Once you have been withdrawn you must make arrangements to leave the UK as soon as possible, regardless of the expiry date on your visa.

If you are considering withdrawal we strongly advise you to contact the International Student Support Team to ensure that you are fully aware of the immigration implications of your decision.


HOW TO WITHDRAW
If after discussing your situation you decide to withdraw, it is not sufficient to verbally inform your Adviser of Studies or Programme Leader or to simply stop attending your course. You need to complete an online form to submit your request.

If after discussing your situation you decide to withdraw, it is not sufficient to verbally inform your Adviser of Studies or Programme Leader or to simply stop attending your course.

To submit a withdrawal request, log in to My Student Center (on my campus) then click on My Withdrawal Form

What happens after submitting the withdrawal form?
1. An acknowledgement that your withdrawal form has been received will be sent to your student email account and the relevant Chief Advisor/Graduate School will be informed that you have notified us that you wish to withdraw from University.

2. Your withdrawal will enter a 10 day administration period during which time the Chief Advisor/Graduate School may contact you to discuss your decision and your withdrawal will be processed. Should you decide not to withdraw during this period, you or the Advisor/Graduate School may contact registry-withdrawals@glasgow.ac.uk to cancel your withdrawal.

3. At the end of the 10 day administration period an email confirming your withdrawal will be sent to your student email account.

Re-entering the University
If you decide to re-enter the University following your withdrawal, you should contact the Senior Adviser in your previous College for advice about re-admission.

Undergraduate students in their first year of study
If you withdraw before the 30th November you will have to reapply through UCAS for entry to the University in a future year.


Financial Aid:

Tuition fees
Our financial aid funds cannot provide any support towards the cost of your tuition fees. Tuition fees enquiries: finance-student@glasgow.ac.uk

Go Abroad students
If you have left the University of Glasgow under the Go Abroad programme, financial support enquiries to goabroad@glasgow.ac.uk

Library:

OPENING HOURS
Days	Main Library	Library Welcome
Desk staffed	Reading Room
Mon-Sun	07:15 - 02:00	08:00 - 20:00	08:00 - 20:00
To contact the Library, Email for library: library@glasgow.ac.uk
Telephone number for library: 0141 330 6704

SRC Advice Centre:
The Advice Centre offers free and confidential advice on a wide range of subjects. For example:
Benefits and Tax Credits
Council Tax
Employment Rights
Financial Support for Students
Income Tax/National Insurance
Harassment, bullying or discrimination
Health Issues incl. Fitness to Study procedure
Housing Issues
Money and Consumer Advice

We may also be able to advise and represent you with regard to:

Academic Appeals
Formal and informal complaints
Fitness to Practise procedures
Student Conduct Issues, including Plagiarism
We are also a third party reporting centre for hate crime.

We will do our best to offer assistance on any other difficulties you might experience. If we can’t help, then we’re sure to know someone who can.
Website: https://www.glasgowunisrc.org/advice/about/

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Uofg Helpdesk


If you want to enquire literally anything regarding needing support you can reach
out to the students services enquiry team or the Uofg Help Desk.

Submit your enquiry on the UofG Helpdesk by visiting this Website:
https://glasgow.saasiteu.com/Modules/SelfService/Login.aspx?ProviderName=University%20of%20Glasgow&Role=SelfServiceMobileStudent&Tab=ServiceCatalog&CommandId=NewServiceRequestByOfferingId&Template=DAFC979B5E0C4FED964571B4F44AC19B

The phoone number for the helpdesk is: +44 (0)141 330 4800
the opening hours: Monday - Friday 09:00 - 17:00 BST



\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

